Date: 2017-06-18T00:00:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[AustinHawk]: /Friends/AustinHawk
[BarbCromwell]: /Friends/BarbCromwell
[BrianSojourner]: /Friends/BrianSojourner
[BriannaHawk]: /Friends/BriannaHawk
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[ClaireSheridan]: /Friends/ClaireSheridan
[ConstanceGale]: /Friends/ConstanceGale
[ChrisParadise]: /Friends/ChrisParadise
[EllenCooney]: /Friends/EllenCooney
[HollyGrasso]: /Friends/HollyGrasso
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JohnGallagher]: /Friends/JohnGallagher
[JonathanMcFee]: /Friends/JonathanMcFee
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[JudithMcKay]: /Friends/JudithMcKay
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[JuliaRotenValdez]: /Friends/JuliaRotenValdez
[KenMcKay]: /Friends/KenMcKay
[KelseyKennedy]: /Friends/KelseyKennedy
[MelissaVuto]: /Friends/MelissaVuto
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[NancyAndrews]: /Friends/NancyAndrews
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallback]: /Friends/SarahCallback
[SherryMacMahon]: /Friends/SherryMacMahon]
[SueLauther]: /Friends/SueLauther
[SueLathrop]: /Friends/SueLathrop


# MEETING FOR WORSHIP FOR BUSINESS

## 25<sup>th</sup> Day of Sixth Month, 2017

## Minutes

Present were: [Ellen Cooney][EllenCooney], [Ann Grant-Martin][AnnGrantMartin], 
[Lisa Lister][LisaLister], [Julie Roten-Valdez][JuliaRotenValdez], 
[Claire Sheriden][ClaireSheridan], [Sue Lathrop][SueLathrop], [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate], 
[Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty], [Kelsey Kennedy][KelseyKennedy], [Peter Levar][PeterLevar], 
[Austin Hawk][AustinHawk], [John Robey][JohnRobey], [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallback].


1.  The Meeting opened with silence and a query from Philadelphia YM
    Faith and Practice regarding how our Meetings for Worship.

2.  Minutes from the fifth month business meeting were approved.

3.  Ministry & Oversight: a wedding was successfully completed on June
    24<sup>th</sup>. The committee is looking for someone willing to serve as a
    liaison with the New Zealand Meeting where Deb Gimbleson is clerk,
    becoming sister Meetings and perhaps serving in this capacity on
    M&O. The position would involve sharing annual reports and other
    documents produced by the Meeting including minutes. Deb is a former
    member of Colorado Springs Meeting and played a strong role in
    keeping our Meeting together in its early years. The committee
    reviewed the topic of spoken messages and decided it is best not to
    advise on this. There is gratitude to [Ellen][EllenCooney] for stimulating a deep
    and gathered discussion on when does Meeting begin. This is not
    meant to discourage late arrival which is part the flow of the
    Meeting. Deepening worship and daily Quaker spiritual practice along
    with discussion on what happens to me in Meeting for Worship are
    recommended for worship sharing at a brown bag on the second Sunday
    in July after the rise of Meeting. Thomas Kelly's article on a
    kindled heart might be helpful for preparation. The committee will
    begin making the annual calls to members and attenders in the coming
    weeks. Committee report was accepted.

4.  Meeting House Committee Report: The sewer project is complete.
    Extending the drain to the street is yet to be done. We need a
    professional to complete the painting on the south side of the
    building as it requires a scaffold. [Phil][PhilFriesen] and [Lisa][LisaLister]
    have added to our
    landscaping and removed many, many weeds. We discussed French
    drains. Committee report was accepted.

5.  Peace and Social Action Committee: The Unitarians voted to add a
    shower to their building to enable them to host and ask that
    supportive groups donate $500 toward the project. We are not in a
    position to give this much as a Meeting, but individual members may
    wish to make donations. The Meeting did choose to give our quarterly
    local donation of $100 toward the shower and building project.
    Rapid response training took place last week and legal observer
    training will take place soon. We remain committed to examining
    ourselves for signs of institutional racism. Our next letter writing
    group writing session is on August 13 and we are seeking a volunteer
    to coordinate and lead that workshop. Committee report was accepted.

6.  Finance Committee: Two reports were circulated. Cash flow is
    normalizing but our building reserves and Friend's fiduciary funds
    are low as the sewer was costly. The check from the city is here and
    loans will be repaid with interest. Any excess will be returned to
    depleted funds. Committee report was accepted.

7.  Announcements: We received correspondence from a woman from a
    ministry of Friends in who wants to talk to anyone interested.
    Should we invite others in the community? [Sarah][SarahCallback] is having a solar
    party on July 19<sup>th</sup> at her house, all are welcome. [Molly][MollyWingate] is ready
    to not be the phone contact person for the Meeting after 25 years of
    service and needs someone to take that job over. The Meeting closed
    in silence.

Respectfully submitted,

[Julia Roten-Valdez](JuliaRotenValdez]

Recording clerk
