<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta name="description" content="">
    <meta name="author" content="">
	<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/static/ico/favicon.png">

    <title>Colorado Springs Monthly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends (the Quakers)
      
    </title>

    <!-- Bootstrap core CSS -->
	<link href="/static/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- Custom styles for this template -->
	<link href="/static/css/default.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- HTML5 shim and Respond.js IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries -->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]>
      <script src="../../assets/js/html5shiv.js"></script>
      <script src="../../assets/js/respond.min.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->
  </head>

  <body>

    
         <div class="navbar navbar-inverse navbar-fixed-top">
      <div class="container">
        <div class="navbar-header">
          <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target=".navbar-collapse">
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
          </button>
          <a class="navbar-brand" href="/">Colorado Springs Quakers</a>
        </div>
        <div class="navbar-collapse collapse">
          <ul class="nav navbar-nav">
            <li ><a href="/">Home</a></li>
            <li ><a href="/calendar">Calendar</a></li>
            <li><a href="#contact-dlg" data-toggle="modal">Contact</a></li>
            <li class="dropdown active">
              <a href="#" 
                 class="dropdown-toggle" 
                 data-toggle="dropdown">About <b class="caret"></b></a>
              <ul class="dropdown-menu">
                <li><a href="/testimonies">Testimonies</a>
                  <ul>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li> 
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/meetings">Meetings</a>
                  <ul>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Meeting for Worship</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Meeting for Business</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/committees/">Committees</a>
                 <ul>
                  <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
                 </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="#">Our History</a>
                 <ul>
						 
                  <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
                  </ul>
                 </li>
               </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>

         </div><!--/.navbar-collapse -->
      </div>
    </div>
    

    

    

    

   <div class="container">
    

<div class="row">
  
  <div class="col-md-3">
   <div class="btn-group-vertical btn-group-lg hidden-xs hidden-sm">
 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         data-target="#testimonies">
   Testimonies
 </a>

 <div id="testimonies" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <p>We, as Quakers, do not affirm any specific doctrine or 
     creed but instead try to live in accordance with the following
     testimonies:
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div>


 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         href="#meetings">
   Meetings
 </a>

 
 <div id="meetings" class="collapse in left-nav-body">
  <p>
   Quakerism offers a spirituality based on experiencing a loving inward presence, 
   or Inner Light, which opens us to truth, freedom and peace.  Our weekly Meeting 
   for Worship is at 10 am each First Day (Sunday).   In our Meeting for Worship, 
   we gather together in prayerful silence for one hour, opening ourselves to this 
   experience.  All are welcome.
  </p>
  <p>
   We also have a monthly Business Meeting after worship on the third First Day 
   of each month, where consensus decisions are made concerning the Meeting's 
   financial, spiritual, and physical matters.
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Worship</a></li>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Business</a></li>
  </ul>

 </div>
 

 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#committees">
  Committees
 </a>
 <div id="committees" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
   Our Meeting's committees serve a vital role in our 
   spritual service and community. 
  </p>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
 

  
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#history">
  Our History
 </a>

 <div id="history" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
  Our history
  </p>
  <ul>

   <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
  

 
 
 
  <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#calendar">
  Calendar 
 </a>
 <div id="calendar" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <a href="/calendar">Display Calendar</a> 
</div> 

 
</div>


  
  </div>
  
  <div class="col-md-9">
   <div class="well">
   <h1>Minutes Meeting for Worship for Business August 2012</h1>
<p>Attendance: <a href="/Friends/JulieRotenValdez/">Julie Roten-Valdez</a>,
<a href="/Friends/">Larry</a>, <a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer/">Carlton Gamer</a>, <a href="/Friends/JoyceDoyle/">Joyce
Doyle</a>, <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly Wingate</a>
(clerk), <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty/">Ann Daugherty</a> , <a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill
Durland</a>, <a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie
Durland</a>, <a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy
Nelson</a> (recording-clerk)</p>
<p>Clerk sit in silence ready for watching for the spirit as do we
business.</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Approval of July Minutes</p>
<p>Minutes accepted with <a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill</a> additions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cash Flow Report</p>
<p>Beginning balance 7/1 Ent 3,9 752.88, from that amount made mortgage
payment, <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> and
<a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah</a> 753.88 3,346.89. \$533.60 in the
Susan B. Anthony account \$33.85 earned in interest. Other reserves
5976, 3314.53 in other 2,908.14 at Ent. Friends Fiduciary \$\$\$ ,
Culver, 1000 total in building fund.</p>
<p>Question: Building fund doesn't reflect roofing cost? No, payment
happened in August, reporting July 1-31st. <a href="/Friends/">Larry</a>
volunteer? Second Thursday of every month to the Building meeting
home. One concern is the acoustics, meeting any ideas. Email</p>
<p>Cash flow report accepted. <a href="/Friends/JulieRotenValdez/">Julie</a>
comment very nice is that cash flow is positive.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Committee Reports:</p>
<p>a.  Finance Committee</p>
<pre><code>[Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) has been analyzing utilities
were increasing but [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) checking
accounting is increasing and good metric for gauging the if we
can live within in our means. The Roofer was paid last week
\$752.32 instead of a \$1,000. [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) is
waiting for answer from the roofer if Ann bought a mail box. We
have already paid for the post office box until December but we
will change all mail to the Meeting House.

Gutters have been purchased and installed is a gift from
[Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) that
[Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) gratefully noted to Business
Meeting.

Upcoming expenses, Building Committee really wants electronic
outlets in Basement for Young Friends. Add two outlets in the
Basement, the Electrician will be running metal conduit to the
basement, permit, fees, labor and equipments \$435. The gas
heaters in the bathrooms are not safe convert to electric, labor
materials \$735, both \$1,170. Question about if safe heaters
blow out circuit for basement If and we remodel. No heat in the
basement? If in and when we replace heaters in a remodel,
extension reconfigured the bathrooms in the addition. We could
also put a bathroom in the basement for first day school? Put in
money that we later tear-down during a remodel.

Gas heating verse electric heating and because we store
chemicals that work better with constant. Gas heater's vent is
not safe, single and to bring up to code would cost more than
replacing nothing about the gas heaters are up to building code.

How to Friend's feel about the suggestion? In agreement.
Question about adding more boxes in the main Meeting room?
Smarter to the [Julie](/Friends/JulieRotenValdez/) will give
[Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) her electrician. Problem we don't
have the crawl conduit work in the Meeting House? Can it be run
outside? We are dealing with asbestos in the siding? Outlet
along the four walls? There is a panel. One on each wall?
Accessible to whatever they do. [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/)
will get with both electrician..

Clerk proposes that the two outlets in the basement and
electrical , [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) will ask. We are not
in danger of blowing up the outlets and heater.

Do we accept the Fiance Committee's as accepted? Yes.
</code></pre>
<p>b.  Nominating Committee</p>
<pre><code>No report
</code></pre>
<p>c.  Ministry and Oversight</p>
<pre><code>no report Question from Clerk? Sherry McMahon is a member. She
may be able to attend at Building? Wonder if committee has
reached out to her? M&amp;O has completed all phone calls. Summarize
at next Business Meeting.

Next M&amp;O meeting is August 27 at 3pm and are all welcome,
usually the last Monday of the Month. Downstairs, where they
should meeting? The August 27th M&amp;O meeting will be at
Durland's, possible shift to Meeting House.
</code></pre>
<p>d.  Education Committee</p>
<pre><code>No curriculum for summer. Please sign up to play games with the
kids and kids of visitors.
</code></pre>
<p>e.  Adult Education and Action</p>
<pre><code>[Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/), [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/),
and [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/). Ready to start classes
again. Second Sunday of each month will have Adult Education.
This year we will use ASFC's new study-guides on the Quaker
Testimonies. One testimony every mouth.

First meeting in September on the Second First Day and plan with
will be testimonies booklet

Recorder will send out an email the Library should order some
more. Adult Education will meet downstairs. Is Joyce authorized
to order a couple for the library? Yes. Genie is also liaison
with FSNL and ASFC, responsibilities with action items and ASFC
liaison new under Lucy Duncan. Since our committee of Adult
Education and Action. Actions by ASFC will come through Adult
Education and Action will be bring up.

Question by Bill to AE&amp;A planning on outward reach. Have some
ideas with outside speakers that are relevant to the testomnies.

Do Friends accept report from AE&amp;A?
</code></pre>
<p>f.  Meeting Home</p>
<pre><code>Next Sunday scrape and paint window sills, housekeeping, and
weed removal. Irrigation is ready to provide water. Outstanding
projects for contractors is to fix acoustics. Gavin's recommends
to bring in an acoustic engineer with knowledge of modern sound,
guiding principles maintain acoustic of space. Electricity
matters recommends we spend \$1,100. Daniel is trusted to repair
bathroom's wall after new electric heaters.

Heater. Repair first heater is 700 to 1,000. Housing Committee
doesn't recommend to repair first heater because of age and lack
of materials. Do we want to get a full ... Grant application to
Friends for new heater and AC. Genie have working one heater
wait until cold weather, if it not, we could use a space heater
in that area without a heater. It may well be sufficient for the
time being? Installation of ceiling fans? Space would be
significantly more attractive to rent out with AC such as
Weddings. Molly in Meeting House during the July in 3pm and the
heat. Molly got a bid for insulation in attic is \$1400. All
buildings lose heat through roof.
[Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) mentioned that installing
insulation a top priority. [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) asked
about FGC grant is for the heater? The only thing Meeting Home
recommends is the electrical repair. If we can wait until we
hear about the grant result.

Molly thanks Business Meeting.

Pending Projects.

Windows for the Basement - Daniel working on opening windows.
Increase window well. Electrical outlets around the Meeting
House. Move Fence to access backyard and bathrooms. Spider
problem seems have taken care of itself.

Lisa is working on the sign. Friends accept and thanks committee
for their report. Bill and Carlton thanks the Housing Committee
efforts on the buildings Molly said that the Meeting House
reward, Meeting awarded Molly for this as the clerk. Pearl of
the Meeting House while Molly may the sand. Molly encourages
Friends to utilize the space. Encourage people to have committee
meetings.
</code></pre>
<p>g.  Fund-raising Ad Hoc Committee</p>
<pre><code>Lisa, Molly, Bill Werling, and Ann. Business Meeting approve?
Yes. Committee was wondering if we can apply to FSC for \$5000
for new HVAC? New HVAC will be robust to handle any new
November, since having heat is an urgent. Lisa has offer to
write a draft of the grant? Asked for approve, yes.

[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) said that committee instead of ad
hoc? As an all call committee and being sub-committee of Finance
Committee. Yes.

Would like to raise money for small projects around the meeting
house? Fund the prosed. Seeking a matching grant of \$2,000 and
draft letters to other Quaker Meetings around the country?
Approved. Sent a request to Ft. Collins meeting for the matching
grant for a total of \$5,000. Ask some contribution of member's
contributions as part of the fund-rising of matching. Rule of
thumb, one and half times as part of matching grant. Norma Price
had a matching grant \$2,000 and Meeting raised \$5,000. Friends
can designate portion of contribution toward matching grant.

These efforts will not raise for money for the addition total
\$33,000.
</code></pre>
</li>
<li>
<p>Old business</p>
<p>a.  Greeters at meeting</p>
<pre><code>Ann volunteer as a greater. Did Ann greet anyone? Yes, one
person. Is this an useful. This is for late attenders. One thing
discussion of M&amp;O about later attenders. Nice to hear about less
that regular attenders arrive on time. 40-60% come late. Half
meeting Quakers. There are kinds of reasons for the meeting to
considerate about late attenders. Ask about greeters.

Address change on documentations, including book stamps. At the
very least, the welcoming material be reprinted, perhaps new
labels with print over existing stamps. Library go ahead a new
stamp.

In Tempe, greeters came a few minutes early and introduce
service along with made point to talk with newcomers after
Meeting for Worship is completed. M&amp;O asked to figure out
details of to consider our greetings and how we do it? No
official opener for the meeting. 15 or 20 minutes early to open
up. Key is here at the Meeting House. San Francisco meeting,
during the Gulf War many attenders. Education. Greeter could do.
Welcome packet include tract Guidelines for Vocal Ministry. Give
to M&amp;O to review and update and make it our? Put in welcome
folder. Perhaps also include testomnies booklet.

Ann mentioned that late attenders cannot sit for 30 minutes.
What is done in other meetings. Personal information shared with
M&amp;O be very helpful, M&amp;O could take Friends. If Attenders or
Members need special accommodations notify M&amp;O.
</code></pre>
</li>
<li>
<p>New Business</p>
<p>a.  Open house for neighbors and wider community. Saturday in
    September Ann would have access to send out letters to
    neighbors. September 22nd first day of Autumn,
    <a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer/">Carlton</a> mentioned that wee. Should we
    have find out a good date for Friends not present.</p>
<pre><code>What about October Saturday the 13th? 2-4pm? Yes.
[Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) volunteer to send out blank
postcards? Invite JSP, other churches, we don't need to have
program and [Julie](/Friends/JulieRotenValdez/) will work on the
food. [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/),
[Julie](/Friends/JulieRotenValdez/) and
[Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) and
[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/). People sign up to bring food.
Oct. 13th.
</code></pre>
<p>b.  Helen Knutson member living in Wyoming. Ann Grant will meet
    Helen half way to pick up Roz's members. Rings can be sold for
    \$200, recommendation we sell rings we use the money to get a
    comfortable chair for the library.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Announcements</p>
<p>Colorado Regional Meeting will be in Estes Park (October 19-21) is
going to focus on the diversity in our own spiritual community as
Quakers...</p>
<p>"How do you experience living a spirit-led life? Would you be
willing to share your experience? How would you be willing to share
it? Would you be willing to be interviewed? Do you express your
spirituality creatively ... e.g., music, dance, other ways?"</p>
<p>You will soon be able to find the registration form at IMYM.org
under the Colorado Regional folder.</p>
<p>Is the Meeting House available for Peace attenders to stay
overnight. Genie will get exact dates or even if there is a need for
sleeping space. About 30 people, maybe 10 or half need sleeping
space. More details coming.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Meeting closed in silence at 1:08pm</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>Respectively submitted in the light,</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy Nelson</a></p>
<p>Recording Clerk</p>
   </div>
  
  </div>

</div>

    </div> <!-- /container -->
    
   <div class="modal fade" id="contact-dlg">
  <div class="modal-dialog">
    <div class="modal-content">
      <div class="modal-header">
        <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="modal" aria-hidden="true">&times;</button>
        <h4 class="modal-title">Contact us</h4>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-body">
        <div class="row">
         <div class='col-md-8'>
          <h3>Mailing Address</h3>
          <div class="alert alert-success">
           950 Cimarron Street East<br>
           Colorado Springs, Colorado<br>
           80903 
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class='col-md-6'>
         </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-footer">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary" data-dismiss="modal">Close</button>
      </div>
    </div><!-- /.modal-content -->
  </div><!-- /.modal-dialog -->
</div><!-- /.modal -->
 

    <!-- Bootstrap core JavaScript
    ================================================== -->
    <!-- Placed at the end of the document so the pages load faster -->
	<script src="/static/js/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="/static/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
     
  </body>
</html>