Date: 2018-05-20T11:20:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[AustinHawk]: /Friends/AustinHawk
[BarbCromwell]: /Friends/BarbCromwell
[BrianMurphy]: /Friends/BrianMurphy
[BrianSojourner]: /Friends/BrianSojourner
[BriannaHawk]: /Friends/BriannaHawk
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[ClaireSheridan]: /Friends/ClaireSheridan
[ConstanceGale]: /Friends/ConstanceGale
[ChrisParadise]: /Friends/ChrisParadise
[DeneenCrandell]: /Friends/DeneenCrandell
[EllenCooney]: /Friends/EllenCooney
[HollyGrasso]: /Friends/HollyGrasso
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JohnGallagher]: /Friends/JohnGallagher
[JonathanMcPhee]: /Friends/JonathanMcPhee
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[JudithMcKay]: /Friends/JudithMcKay
[JulieZavage]: /Friends/JulieZavage
[LindaSeeger]: /Friends/LindaSeeger
[LisaJoySamson]: /Friends/LisaJoySamson
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[JuliaRotenValdez]: /Friends/JuliaRotenValdez
[KateHolbrook]: /Friends/KateHolbrook
[KenMcKay]: /Friends/KenMcKay
[KelseyKennedy]: /Friends/KelseyKennedy
[MelissaVuto]: /Friends/MelissaVuto
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[MariaKelson]: /Friends/MariaKelson
[MariaMelendez]: /Friends/MariaMelendez
[NancyAndrews]: /Friends/NancyAndrews
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallbeck]: /Friends/SarahCallbeck
[SherryMacMahon]: /Friends/SherryMacMahon]
[SueLauther]: /Friends/SueLauther
[SueLathrop]: /Friends/SueLathrop

# MINUTES
## Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
Colorado Springs Friends Meeting
Twentieth Day of Fifth Month 2018



Present: [Ellen Cooney][EllenCooney] (Clerk), [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty], 
[Ann Martin][AnnGrantMartin], [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer], [Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson], 
[Molly Wingate][MollyWingate], [Jonathan McPhee][JonathanMcPhee] and 
[Lisa Lister][LisaLister] (Recording Clerk).


Silent Worship and Query: Are our monthly meetings [for business] held in the spirit of a meeting for worship in which we, in love and mutual respect, seek divine guidance? (IMYM Faith and Practice, page 120)

The Fourth Month 2018 minutes were approved.


## COMMITTEE REPORTS

### Meeting House Committee 
John Mills, the painter, completed painting the trim around all the 
widows and doors, except for the large south-facing window in the front, 
which is not possible to reach unless the junipers are removed (or a 
painting company with scaffolding is  hired to complete the job).  John 
was paid for the work he completed, and is willing to finish if the 
junipers are removed so that he has ladder access.  The committee has obtained 
two estimates for the cost of removing the shrubs. Both estimates run 
approximately $500. Removal of the shrubs would allow us to build an ADA 
access ramp to the front door of the meeting house, and it is likely that 
the Friends Meeting House Fund might help us financially with this project.

This idea was discussed in the past, and [Molly][MollyWingate] has a 
drawing/estimate which she will send [Ann D.][AnnDaugherty] so that 
the committee can review it.  A ramp could also be constructed in the 
back when an addition is added, but this larger project is not 
financially feasible at the present time.  The Meeting house committee 
will further investigate this whole issue and bring a recommendations 
back to the meeting for a decision about how to proceed.

[Jonathan][JonathanMcPhee] expressed an interest in cutting down 
the junipers, although he would need help and tools.  The committee 
will keep this offer in mind as they investigate possibilities.

The Meeting House Committee will test the sump pump to make sure 
it is functioning and to allay [Molly][MollyWingate]'s nightmares 
about the basement flooding once again.

### Ministry and Oversight Committee
The minutes were accepted (See Appendix).
The committee will continue their annual tradition of contacting 
Friends and attenders to explore their relationship to the Meeting, and 
to ask how the Meeting can better meet their needs.

### Peace and Social Concerns Committee
The last meeting time was used for showing of "I Am Not Your Negro," 
which was an important and worthwhile event.  We thank the committee 
for their good work.

A request was referred to P&SC to consider whether the study series 
podcasts on "Seeing White" might be valuable for the Meeting to engage 
with: (http://podcast.cdsporch.org/seeing-white/).  Because P&SC has 
their plate full as they consider bringing Deanne Butterfield to town 
for a workshop,  [Ellen][EllenCooney] is willing to facilitate the 
podcast series on the second Sunday of the month during the summer.  
She may need some help.

### Finance Committee 
We reviewed the Profit & Loss statement and Balance Sheet for January 
through April.  
Some present felt that it was hard to see where we are with budget 
line items (like money for maintenance, prudent reserves, scholarship 
money, etc.)  It would be helpful to be able to easily see this on the 
financial reports.  We will continue to give feedback about our needs to 
Finance Committee so that reports are honed to meet our needs.  We 
heartily thank [Kelsey][KelseyKennedy] for his hard work during this 
transition.

## Other Business	
[Phil][PhilFriesen] often mows the lawn in the summer with his electric 
lawn mower.  He would welcome others helping out once in a while.  There 
is also a good push mower which can be used for this purpose by anyone 
who is able.

If you have events scheduled at the Meeting House, please put it on the 
Meeting House master calendar.  This would help everyone know what is 
happening and prevent double-booking.  If it is a private event, please 
note "private" along with the name of the person who scheduled it.  If 
you don't know how, [Ann Martin][AnnGrantMartin] is happy to schedule 
things on the calendar, just contact her.

The Web Redesign task force will meet again soon and discuss the calendar 
as well as follow-up on their discussion on improving the Meeting's web 
site.


Humbly prepared,


[Lisa Lister][LisaLister]

Recording Clerk



## APPENDIX

### Ministry and Oversight Committee Minutes: May 14, 2018
Present were [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer], [Peter LeVar][PeterLeVar], 
[Ann Grant Martin][AnnGrantMartin]-Clerk and 
[Ellen Cooney][EllenCooney]-guest.

We met at [Carlton][CarltonGamer]'s home.

We opened at 11:00 with Spiritual Silence and then had a brief check-in.

We reviewed the April Minutes and briefly discussed this yearâ€™s Quakerism 
101 class. We noted that it was the sense of that group to continue 
Quakerism 101 next September and to maintain a focus on Quaker life,
practice and history.

This M&amp;O meeting concentrated on revising our Quaker Directory, 
conferring on the value of making Friendly
Calls, creating a format that accommodates a variety of ways to be in touch with Quaker Friends, and
modifying our conversation topics. 

We concluded this matter by deciding which members of M&amp;O would call
specific Friends.

Our next meeting will be June 11, 2018 at 11:00 at 
[Carlton][CarltonGamer]'ss.

We closed at 12:04 with Spiritual Silence.

In the Light of Peace, 

[Ann Grant Martin][AnnGrantMartin], Clerk
