<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta name="description" content="">
    <meta name="author" content="">
	<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/static/ico/favicon.png">

    <title>Colorado Springs Monthly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends (the Quakers)
      
    </title>

    <!-- Bootstrap core CSS -->
	<link href="/static/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- Custom styles for this template -->
	<link href="/static/css/default.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- HTML5 shim and Respond.js IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries -->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]>
      <script src="../../assets/js/html5shiv.js"></script>
      <script src="../../assets/js/respond.min.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->
  </head>

  <body>

    
         <div class="navbar navbar-inverse navbar-fixed-top">
      <div class="container">
        <div class="navbar-header">
          <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target=".navbar-collapse">
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
          </button>
          <a class="navbar-brand" href="/">Colorado Springs Quakers</a>
        </div>
        <div class="navbar-collapse collapse">
          <ul class="nav navbar-nav">
            <li ><a href="/">Home</a></li>
            <li ><a href="/calendar">Calendar</a></li>
            <li><a href="#contact-dlg" data-toggle="modal">Contact</a></li>
            <li class="dropdown active">
              <a href="#" 
                 class="dropdown-toggle" 
                 data-toggle="dropdown">About <b class="caret"></b></a>
              <ul class="dropdown-menu">
                <li><a href="/testimonies">Testimonies</a>
                  <ul>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li> 
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/meetings">Meetings</a>
                  <ul>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Meeting for Worship</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Meeting for Business</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/committees/">Committees</a>
                 <ul>
                  <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
                 </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="#">Our History</a>
                 <ul>
						 
                  <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
                  </ul>
                 </li>
               </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>

         </div><!--/.navbar-collapse -->
      </div>
    </div>
    

    

    

    

   <div class="container">
    

<div class="row">
  
  <div class="col-md-3">
   <div class="btn-group-vertical btn-group-lg hidden-xs hidden-sm">
 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         data-target="#testimonies">
   Testimonies
 </a>

 <div id="testimonies" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <p>We, as Quakers, do not affirm any specific doctrine or 
     creed but instead try to live in accordance with the following
     testimonies:
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div>


 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         href="#meetings">
   Meetings
 </a>

 
 <div id="meetings" class="collapse in left-nav-body">
  <p>
   Quakerism offers a spirituality based on experiencing a loving inward presence, 
   or Inner Light, which opens us to truth, freedom and peace.  Our weekly Meeting 
   for Worship is at 10 am each First Day (Sunday).   In our Meeting for Worship, 
   we gather together in prayerful silence for one hour, opening ourselves to this 
   experience.  All are welcome.
  </p>
  <p>
   We also have a monthly Business Meeting after worship on the third First Day 
   of each month, where consensus decisions are made concerning the Meeting's 
   financial, spiritual, and physical matters.
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Worship</a></li>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Business</a></li>
  </ul>

 </div>
 

 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#committees">
  Committees
 </a>
 <div id="committees" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
   Our Meeting's committees serve a vital role in our 
   spritual service and community. 
  </p>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
 

  
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#history">
  Our History
 </a>

 <div id="history" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
  Our history
  </p>
  <ul>

   <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
  

 
 
 
  <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#calendar">
  Calendar 
 </a>
 <div id="calendar" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <a href="/calendar">Display Calendar</a> 
</div> 

 
</div>


  
  </div>
  
  <div class="col-md-9">
   <div class="well">
   <h1>Minutes Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business</h1>
<h2>March 18, 2012</h2>
<p>In Attendance: <a href="/Friends/GingerMorgan/">Ginger Morgan</a> (clerk), <a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer/">Carlton
Gamer</a>, <a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah
Callbeck</a>, <a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill
Durland</a>, <a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie
Durland</a>, <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly
Wingate</a> , <a href="/Friends/PeterLeVar/">Peter LeVar</a>,
<a href="/Friends/BarbaraBowen/">Barbara Bowen</a>, <a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy
Nelson</a> (recording clerk), <a href="/Friends/JoyceDoyle/">Joyce
Doyle</a>, <a href="/Friends/BrianMurphy/">Brian Murphy</a>,</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Open Worship in Silence at 11:30am <a href="/Friends/GingerMorgan/">Ginger</a>
    opened with two quotes from IMYM's Faith and Practice:</p>
<p>"I always go to monthly meeting becauses if I don't, they usually
end up doing some darn thing or other"</p>
<p>Barney Aldtrich</p>
<p>"For it is corporate Truth or Light for which Friends labor
together, not the proof or justification of the rightness of any
particular position.</p>
<p>Nancy Springer</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Approval of February minutes</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> noted the improper misuse of Forth
in minutes.</p>
<p>In the cashflow report the total is \$42. Also, we eon't pay
assessments for attenders. <a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah</a> will
send edits regarding the Finance Committee report to the Recording
Clerk.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cash Flow Report</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah</a> hopes Friends have had a chance to
review this Month's cash flow report. The report is the status of
the accounts at the end of February with \$4,781 in checking and
savings with \$2,313.12. There is \$65,989.88 in the building
account. In the cash flow and other reports,
<a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah</a> has made some slight changes to the
reserves with the <a href="/committees/Library">Library</a> and <a href="/committees/Education">First Day
School</a> can now draw from \$59.88 reserves.
In the building fund, since end \$45,000 moved from Calvert to Ent
Savings in anticipation on closing on the Meeting House. This is
setting the stage to be prepared, with \$40,000 ready to be wired to
Empire Title Account on Monday. There is still \$16,000 left in
Calvert account.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Committee Reports:</p>
<p>a.  <a href="/committees/Finance">Finance Committee</a> Report</p>
<pre><code>Good deal of meeting was [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) bringing
committee up to date on CimmarronProperty. Finance committee
ordered Quickbooks and it has been received. Assessment letters
will be emailed to Members in April. National distribution is
this month, If Friends are planning to attend IMYM and need
financial assistance, please send requests to
[Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/), Friends need to register with IMYM
for possible additional assistance from IMYM scholarship. We
hope to increase this assistance from last year's amount of
\$53.

[Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) passed around list of organization
for donations for national disbursement. Asked about [Friends of
Seville](/), [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) responded that this
was a Christian/Palestinian peace organization will worth our
support. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) suggested we support
[Western Friend](http://westernfriend.org/), [Friends of
Seville](/), and [Friends
Journal](http://www.friendsjournal.org/).

Discussed was spliting evenly the \$100 between three
organizations with \$33.33, \$33.33, \$34.33 or a \$35, \$35,
\$30 split. Agreement was made among friends for evenly split of
the donation between the three organizations.
</code></pre>
<p>b.  Ministry and Oversight</p>
<pre><code>i.  Transfer of Membership for Deb Gimpelson / [Jeremy
    Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) complete, received paperwork
    for both transfers.

    [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) and
    [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) pulled together Yearly
    census. [M&amp;O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight) had a warm
    meeting with [Peter](/Friends/PeterLeVar/),
    [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/),
    [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/), and
    [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/). They covered a number topics,
    reported to Business meeting the topics that aren't held in
    confidence.

    Deb wishes to removed from Meeting email list and from
    directory.
</code></pre>
<blockquote>
<p>ii. Update on charge for proposed <a href="/committees/REA">Adult Religious Education and
    Social Action</a> Committee</p>
<pre><code>[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) reported on charge for [Adult
Religious Education and Social Action](/committees/REA) with
three possibilities for reorganization. Business meeting
already rejected the option for combining the Education
committees. [M&amp;O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight) suggested
name the name change to, [Adult Religious Education and Social
Action](/committees/REA) committee and they also consider a
need for a clerk for this committee.
[M&amp;O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight) approved the structure
for the new committee.

A question: what would be the charge for new committee? Two
functions, continue presentations and programs for adult
education keep meeting apprised of social action of Friends
and opportunities. No suggestion of any mandatory nature of
[Adult Religious Education and Social
Action](/committees/REA). Friends suggested the need for a
written charge to allow the committee to move forward.
[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) asked if this discussion means
charge was met. [M&amp;O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight) with
good encouragement and grateful for work, suggest that this
committee go forward. [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/)
indicated her willingness to serve as clerk of this committee.
</code></pre>
<p>c.  Meeting Home</p>
<p>i.  Report on 950 E. Cimmarron</p>
<pre><code>[Brian](/Friends/BrianMurphy/) started off with a short
synopses of where we are in the contract process. Seller
offers a price for what they would ideally like and then the
next step is coming up with a counter-offer and then a
tentitive agreement, buyers and sellers will go into contract,
including a physical inspection of property and review of
title. Parties come back together and decide what to do from
here. A few choices for this property. A number of options
ranging from rejection of deal, to accept the Seller's initial
offer as-is, or somewhere in between. Often buyers will come
back with a list of things for the seller. We are at the stage
to tell seller what we would like to have seller address. With
the Seller setting the asking price means they know that the
building is not pristine. For the title commitment report to
get title insurance, with any exceptions by the title company.
[Brian](/Friends/BrianMurphy/) talked about one exception for
restriction, photocopy of hand-written deed, unreadable. Title
company was certain this was original 1906 Church of Christ,
property been in the seller hands for over 100 years. One
restriction was that there be no organ music or no festivals
not sanctioned by New Testaments. It is within seller's power
to remove restrictions from seller.
[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/), as an attorney, asked about the
removal of these restrictions in order to clean-up title. It
is also important to remove these restrictions if we want for
to rent out building for concerts or other events.

[Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/),
[Julie](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/),
[Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/), and
[Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) meet earlier in the week.
The electrical box needs replacement, the building is missing
a gutter, there is not any heat in basement, and the
sprinklers need to be fixed. The Meeting Home Committee
doesn't know what it will require to upgrade electrical box.
Original box does not enough power to microwave and coffee
maker at the same time and doesn't have any fuses. We are
getting bids for lowering and replacing the current electrical
box, we want it out of way for any future additions. The
Meeting House committee doesn't know price for a new box.

It will cost \$45 to fix the sprinkler head. There is no heat
in basement and the current heater is dangerous. It will cost
\$345 to remove the gas heater. Don't plug anything.

To install gutter and downspout will cost \$500. For the
purpose of the contract with seller, the committee is asking
for lower purchasing price by the seller for the basement
heater, electrical box, and sprinklers.

The roof is in bad shape, the seller's insurance company will
replace roof for a \$1000 deductible. The roof options are;
patch the roof, or pay the \$1000 deductible for a new roof,
\$12-15,000 for new roof. Buyer will write a check for \$1000,
we have \$2,000 in expenses, the committee asked for a
reduction of the purchase price by seller.

The Meeting Home committee asserts that the electrical box is
dangerous and seller reduce price. We could rightful expect
that dangerous or fire hazard need fixed.
[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) asked about the original price
of \$95,000. Is the price reduction in line with spiritual
Quaker testimonies. In the first instance we agreed on a fair
price, but we don't bargain on price.
[Brian](/Friends/BrianMurphy/) responded that after
inspection, a legitimate buyer should expect certain things to
be fixed. Things we could reasonable believe that should work,
money that needs to be spents to make property usable at all
but we don't want the sellers to fix. We should expect some
reduction of the purchase price to allow us to use property as
expected.

Difference between bargaining and more information about
fairness of price? Meeting Home committee, Meeting Group
reduce purchase price to reflect our good faith counter-offer
is a different amount to bring the building up to state that
we can use as a Meeting Home. Some subjectivity, getting an
asking price for lower because of condition of building.
[Peter](/Friends/PeterLeVar/) noted the subjectivity in
meaning, is that their asking a lower price means the Seller
knowns what is going on with the building? The initial asking
price is what the seller thinks market will accept and given
the building and restrictions, only a church could purchase
this property for its usage.

[Peter](/Friends/PeterLeVar/) asked the second part of his
question, could the seller be surprised by inspection results?
[Brian](/Friends/BrianMurphy/) responded that who knows what
could surprise seller? There has been quite a bit of deferred
maintenance. Seller could be unaware of the amount of stuff
that needed to fixed.

[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) then asked the question; have
the sellers been used building recently? Seller could reject
our offer. [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) first proposed a
minute that the Meeting House and the clerk have the
flexiblity to negotiate for the Meeting. Quakers historical
haven't bargained. [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) then said
this is different because we are discussing the usability of
building to the congregation this isn't bargaining as is
typical of commercial dealings but that factual things about
building needs each party to understands what transaction is
about.

We make counter-offer based on based on the findings of
inspection, accommodated repairs to the sellers. The \$2,000
doesn't include the electrical work estimate. Our usability is
different than current owners, nobody has used the basement
for years. [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) commented that our
usability of building will be all over including basements and
that other groups will need to the rent building. We need it
to be in good condition.

Ginger asked for a moment of silence so we could reflect and
breathe.

[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) returned to providing the
[Meeting Home](/committees/MeetingHouse) flexibility if the
seller refuses our counter-offer that the committee have
authority to make a decision before next Business Meeting.
What are our options are moving forward?

[Peter](/Friends/PeterLeVar/), speaking as a health
professional, stated that the basement hasn't been used in a
while and it be difficult to use for people with respiratory
problems.
</code></pre>
<blockquote>
<p>Could it be possible to come up with estimate, we need to be
careful of not losing sight of our goal. It is important we
articulate all of the issues and ask for consideration for them
from the seller. Maybe we'll split value of considerations; for
example, if the total is \$5,000 to do the repairs, we would
responsible for \$2,500 with an additional \$1,000 for the roof
for lowering counter-offer.</p>
<p>The second issue is deal with the situation if the heater breaks
down. Heater looks to be in good shape but it can't be repaired
if breaks but needs to be replaced. What would it take toheat
building if the current heater fails? Any new heater should be
sufficient for a possible addition. The request is that the
Meeting hold \$8,000 for a heater reserve. Our current prudient
reserves is on the assumption we won't bring in any money for a
year, with no contributions by Friends.</p>
<p>We have a some flexiblity in this number for heater reserve.</p>
<p>Meeting Home recommends that Meeting accept financing, we will
finance \$57,000 at 8% for 20 years. Within 5 years, we need to
refinance. Our mortgage will \$476.77 a month. In five years,
the amount to refinance is \$50,000. Reason for 8% because
lender is not a bank, no one else loan to us. With no personal
guarantees, this is thebest we can do. How much money we bring
and what is the mortgage? \$285.00 a month is currently being
donor allocated for the building fund and we pay \$100 a month
to the Pride center for a total of \$395. There is some gap
between \$476 and \$395. <a href="/Friends/BarbaraBowen/">Barbara</a> has
no concerns about purchasing building.</p>
<p>Meeting Home committee then talked about how we can bring the
building up to what we want. Renovation done in mind of Quaker
testimonies. External architect proposed two different ideas:</p>
<blockquote>
<ol>
<li>
<p>\$32,000 with kitchen and bathrooms in the back</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>\$21,000 with kitchen in current bastimal.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>We wanted to know what it cost but we can't do either one of
them. Is the Meeting okay with outdoor access to bathrooms for
the next five years. We might provide a umbrella for Friends
use. Can Friends use restrooms as they are for up to the next
five years. <em>The Meeting is unity and it is not an obstacle for
us to use restroom for up to the next five years.</em></p>
</blockquote>
<p><a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie</a> asked if we can cover both rent
payment and mortgage during? We can with prudient reserve and
the first mortgage payment isn't due until a month after
contract signed.</p>
<p>Next, a crime report was presented by
<a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer/">Carlton</a>. He said it was nice to talk
to police as purchaser of church. Police have 7-10 day
turnaround for crime report but there is website with
neighborhood crime statistics. He looked at crime calls in the
neighborhood within two blocks in every direction. In past month
there were 37 police calls, 18 had to do with suspicious persons
or disorderly conduct, 11 property crimes, and 4 violent calls
near Prospect lake on the opposite side of Hancock. Fairly
normal neighboorhood. In the summer calls go up, with 50% calls
have to do disorderly conduct and 25% with property. Compare
with other neighboorhood. Went to Pride center, crime report. No
calls around Pride center, 1 burglary call in the past month.
Along Platte and Pikes Peak, a plethora of calls. Pride center
and the church property are equivalent.</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/JoyceDoyle/">Joyce</a> lived in neighboorhood for past 12
years, and she hasen't personal experienced any crime, only a
couple of noise complients. Up until 1990s, this was a bad
neighboorhood with crack houses and murders. Part of what
neighborhood committee did was bring in Police to saturate and
cleaned up neightberhood. <a href="/Friends/JoyceDoyle/">Joyce</a> never
heard of anything wrong, primary residential verse commercial.
Quakers will contibute to the improvement of the neighborhood.</p>
<p>Approval of \$1,000 for new roof deductible and new gutters only
if Meeting approves and goes forward with purchase of Meeting?
<em>Yes.</em></p>
<p>Question asked about building fund? Up to \$12,000-23,000 after
down-payment without the prudent reserve.
<a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie</a> suggested that
<a href="/Friends/BrianMurphy/">Brian</a> invoice us for his services with
a in-kind donation in bookkeeping, useful for grants. We would
need to cover any closing expenses.</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill</a> suggested we create a new holiday,
St. Murpheygate for every March Sundays in the future. He also
commended <a href="/Friends/GingerMorgan/">Ginger</a>'s diligence and
faith, clearly and simplify this process and we all are deeply
appreciate of <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a>'s efforts as well.
<a href="/Friends/GingerMorgan/">Ginger</a> invited us to join in
celebratory silence with a whoop of celebration afterwards.</p>
<p>We are interested in moving forward with this property? <em>Yes</em>.</p>
<p>In unity about adjusting offer price by Friends counter lower
price given our discussion? <em>Yes.</em></p>
<p>Do we have approval with the Clerk, Meeting Home committee, and
<a href="/Friends/BrianMurphy/">Brian</a> to adjustment price? <em>Yes</em>. If
the seller balks at adjustment, sense of Friends to go further
with current selling price or should we continue to go further?
No wiggle room? Flexibility and area of negotiation, clarity of
Meeting?</p>
<p>Meeting Home recommends that committee have the flexility to
lower purchase price by what ever amount they feel proper to
lower or move forward with the initial price? If the price is
the same, we have enough to make building usable, other major
upgrades depends on funding. We can do some renovations but not
all. Approve worst scenario of 96,000 or flexiblity to reduce
price? Clerk has the right to sign on behalf of Meeting. Clarity
and unity among Clerk and Meeting Home committee. <em>Approve and
reach unity move forward in flexiblity to reduce offer price or
pay up to full amount including new roof</em>.</p>
<p>Meeting Home recommends we reserve \$8,000 for new heater just
in case. <em>Yes</em>. <a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill</a> complimented clerk
and meetings in the process, one of the best processes he has
seen. One thing to help create, <a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill</a>
very impressed with Home Committee thoroughness and clarity in a
complex situation with multiple changes.</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah</a> would like to meet with Meeting
Home committee about how to reserve for furnace. A deep dept of
gratitude was expressed towards <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a>,
<a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer/">Carlton</a>,
<a href="/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/">Julie</a>,
<a href="/Friends/BrianMurphy/">Brian</a>, and
<a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty/">Ann</a> with Murphy Constuction for their
work as well. Closing could happen this week. Finance and
Meeting Home committees have conversations after closing of
house.</p>
</blockquote>
</blockquote>
</li>
</ol>
<blockquote>
<p>d.  Education Committee</p>
<pre><code>&gt; Suspend next week's [First Day](/committees/Education) school
&gt; for spring break. Suggest breaking up Education committee
&gt; reports.
</code></pre>
<blockquote>
<p>e.  Library</p>
<pre><code>Acknowledge [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/)'s donation of five
books, and [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) and
[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) donation of a book on Rufus
Jones.
</code></pre>
<ol>
<li>Old Business</li>
</ol>
</blockquote>
</blockquote>
<pre><code>i.  Consideration of purchase of 950 E. Cimmarron
</code></pre>
<ol>
<li>
<p>New Business</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Announcements</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Look at Rufus Jones and other Quakers for April's topic of
    <a href="/committees/REA">Adult Religious Education and Social Action</a>
    committee. Not just a course for next years, but also have
    outside programs with guest speakers. Clerk will work on this
    matter.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Book group will meet for a session,
    <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> has more details.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<p>Meeting closed with celebratory silence at 1:23pm.</p>
<p>Respectfully submitted in the light,</p>
<p>Jeremy Nelson</p>
<p>Recording Clerk</p>
   </div>
  
  </div>

</div>

    </div> <!-- /container -->
    
   <div class="modal fade" id="contact-dlg">
  <div class="modal-dialog">
    <div class="modal-content">
      <div class="modal-header">
        <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="modal" aria-hidden="true">&times;</button>
        <h4 class="modal-title">Contact us</h4>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-body">
        <div class="row">
         <div class='col-md-8'>
          <h3>Mailing Address</h3>
          <div class="alert alert-success">
           950 Cimarron Street East<br>
           Colorado Springs, Colorado<br>
           80903 
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class='col-md-6'>
         </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-footer">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary" data-dismiss="modal">Close</button>
      </div>
    </div><!-- /.modal-content -->
  </div><!-- /.modal-dialog -->
</div><!-- /.modal -->
 

    <!-- Bootstrap core JavaScript
    ================================================== -->
    <!-- Placed at the end of the document so the pages load faster -->
	<script src="/static/js/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="/static/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
     
  </body>
</html>