Date: 2017-04-16T11:30:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[AustinHawk]: /Friends/AustinHawk
[BarbCromwell]: /Friends/BarbCromwell
[BrianSojourner]: /Friends/BrianSojourner
[BriannaHawk]: /Friends/BriannaHawk
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[ClaireSheridan]: /Friends/ClaireSheridan
[ConstanceGale]: /Friends/ConstanceGale
[ChrisParadise]: /Friends/ChrisParadise
[EllenCooney]: /Friends/EllenCooney
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[HollyGrasso]: /Friends/HollyGrasso
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JohnGallagher]: /Friends/JohnGallagher
[JonathanMcFee]: /Friends/JonathanMcFee
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[JudithMcKay]: /Friends/JudithMcKay
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[JuliaRotenValdez]: /Friends/JuliaRotenValdez
[KenMcKay]: /Friends/KenMcKay
[KelseyKennedy]: /Friends/KelseyKennedy
[MelissaVuto]: /Friends/MelissaVuto
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[NancyAndrews]: /Friends/NancyAndrews
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallback]: /Friends/SarahCallback
[SherryMacMahon]: /Friends/SherryMacMahon]
[SueLauther]: /Friends/SueLauther
[SueLathrop]: /Friends/SueLathrop

# MEETING FOR WORSHIP FOR BUSINESS

## 16<sup>TH</sup> Day of Fourth Month, 2017

## Minutes

Present were: [Ellen Cooney][EllenCooney], [Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson], 
[Lisa Lister][LisaLister], [Phil Friesen][PhilFriesen],
[Julie Roten-Valdez][JuliaRotenValdez], [Kelsey Kennedy][KelseyKennedy], 
[Linda Seeger][LindaSegar], [Peter Levar][PeterLeVar], [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty], 
[Nancy Andrews][NancyAndrews], [John Robey][JohnRobey], [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallback].

1.  The Meeting opened with silence and a query regarding testimony
    against keeping of times and seasons from Britain Yearly Meeting
    Faith and Practice.

2.  Minutes from the March business meeting were approved.

3.  Meeting House Committee Report: We have a new hydraulic latch on the
    back door, initial phase of sewer repair expected this week- full
    extent of repair to be determined, cleaning this month changed to
    Friday because of Colorado Regional Meeting being held here on 4^th^
    Sunday, smaller projects on hold at this time, grant request for
    help with sewer cost submitted to Friends General Conference, sewer
    clean out will be located near curb so as not to interfere with
    remodel/addition in the future. Committee report was accepted.

4.  Ministry & Oversight: held a clearness committee for [Jonathan McFee][JonathanMcFee]
    and [Chris Paradise][ChrisParadise] regarding their marriage under the care of
    the meeting. All Quakers from this Meeting are invited. RSVPs are
    requested by Wednesday, April 19<sup>th</sup>. Deb Gimbleson, clerk of Kapiti
    Friends Meeting in New Zealand and a former member here, is
    requesting that we be sister meetings with them. If interested, we
    will request a letter form Deb as clerk. Next M&O meeting May
    7, 2017. Committee report was accepted.

5.  Peace and Social Action Committee: Springs rescue mission is
    increasing the number of beds from 150 to 200 and working with
    others to not duplicate services. Please consider giving any monies
    you might otherwise give to panhandlers to Springs Mission, Catholic
    Charities etc. to help behavior modification efforts, decrease
    isolation, increase active contribution, decrease substance abuse
    and channel the sources of help. Our Meeting has committed to
    support the local sanctuary movement. Committee report was accepted.

6.  Finance Committee: Sewer fundraising brought in $5,000 in pledges.
    The committee couldnâ€™t be more gratified over the positive response
    in stepping up to deal with this problem. The total cost is not
    yet known. We are in good shape for a total cost of $9-10,000. If
    double that, we may need to consider borrowing some money. The
    finance committee was authorized to spend additional funds if
    necessary with the understanding that some members do not wish to
    incur debt and if we do, to pay it off as soon as possible. The
    Meeting will provide $50 in scholarship per individual to 6-7
    persons requesting help with IMYM. This will leave some additional
    funds available for Colorado Regional Meeting in the fall. Committee
    report was accepted.

7.  State of the Meeting Report was approved with changes.

8.  Friends General Conference has committed $60,000 to study threads
    of institutional racism. We will season until next month our level
    of involvement.

9.  Announcements: Colorado Regional Meeting will be held here
    next week. The topic is resistance, resilience and restoration.

10. The Meeting closed in silence.

Respectfully submitted,

[Julia Roten- Valdez][JuliaRotenValdez]

Recording clerk
