<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta name="description" content="">
    <meta name="author" content="">
	<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/static/ico/favicon.png">

    <title>Colorado Springs Monthly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends (the Quakers)
      
    </title>

    <!-- Bootstrap core CSS -->
	<link href="/static/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- Custom styles for this template -->
	<link href="/static/css/default.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- HTML5 shim and Respond.js IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries -->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]>
      <script src="../../assets/js/html5shiv.js"></script>
      <script src="../../assets/js/respond.min.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->
  </head>

  <body>

    
         <div class="navbar navbar-inverse navbar-fixed-top">
      <div class="container">
        <div class="navbar-header">
          <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target=".navbar-collapse">
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
          </button>
          <a class="navbar-brand" href="/">Colorado Springs Quakers</a>
        </div>
        <div class="navbar-collapse collapse">
          <ul class="nav navbar-nav">
            <li ><a href="/">Home</a></li>
            <li ><a href="/calendar">Calendar</a></li>
            <li><a href="#contact-dlg" data-toggle="modal">Contact</a></li>
            <li class="dropdown active">
              <a href="#" 
                 class="dropdown-toggle" 
                 data-toggle="dropdown">About <b class="caret"></b></a>
              <ul class="dropdown-menu">
                <li><a href="/testimonies">Testimonies</a>
                  <ul>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li> 
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/meetings">Meetings</a>
                  <ul>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Meeting for Worship</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Meeting for Business</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/committees/">Committees</a>
                 <ul>
                  <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
                 </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="#">Our History</a>
                 <ul>
						 
                  <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
                  </ul>
                 </li>
               </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>

         </div><!--/.navbar-collapse -->
      </div>
    </div>
    

    

    

    

   <div class="container">
    

<div class="row">
  
  <div class="col-md-3">
   <div class="btn-group-vertical btn-group-lg hidden-xs hidden-sm">
 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         data-target="#testimonies">
   Testimonies
 </a>

 <div id="testimonies" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <p>We, as Quakers, do not affirm any specific doctrine or 
     creed but instead try to live in accordance with the following
     testimonies:
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div>


 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         href="#meetings">
   Meetings
 </a>

 
 <div id="meetings" class="collapse in left-nav-body">
  <p>
   Quakerism offers a spirituality based on experiencing a loving inward presence, 
   or Inner Light, which opens us to truth, freedom and peace.  Our weekly Meeting 
   for Worship is at 10 am each First Day (Sunday).   In our Meeting for Worship, 
   we gather together in prayerful silence for one hour, opening ourselves to this 
   experience.  All are welcome.
  </p>
  <p>
   We also have a monthly Business Meeting after worship on the third First Day 
   of each month, where consensus decisions are made concerning the Meeting's 
   financial, spiritual, and physical matters.
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Worship</a></li>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Business</a></li>
  </ul>

 </div>
 

 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#committees">
  Committees
 </a>
 <div id="committees" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
   Our Meeting's committees serve a vital role in our 
   spritual service and community. 
  </p>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
 

  
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#history">
  Our History
 </a>

 <div id="history" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
  Our history
  </p>
  <ul>

   <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
  

 
 
 
  <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#calendar">
  Calendar 
 </a>
 <div id="calendar" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <a href="/calendar">Display Calendar</a> 
</div> 

 
</div>


  
  </div>
  
  <div class="col-md-9">
   <div class="well">
   <h1>Minutes Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business</h1>
<h2>April 15, 2012</h2>
<p>In Attendance: <a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill Durland</a>, <a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie
Durland</a>, <a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah
Callbeck</a>, <a href="/Friends/Kathy">Kathy</a> <a href="/Friends/GingerMorgan/">Ginger
Morgan</a> (clerk), <a href="/Friends/LisaLister/">Lisa
Lister</a>, <a href="/Friends/JoyceDoyle/">Joyce Doyle</a>,
<a href="/Friends/JulieBrann/">Julie Brann</a>, <a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer/">Carlton
Gamer</a>, <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly Wingate</a>,
<a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy Nelson</a></p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Open Worship in Silence</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Approval of March minutes</p>
<p>March minutes approved with special meeting minutes for next</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Financial Reports</p>
<p>Cash flow report, \$4,782.00 in checking account, balance
\$7,008.19. Snap-shot picture at this time is that accounts posed to
purchase. Escrow extra added back in April. At the March,
\$25,767.00 total funds can be reserved for prudent reserves and
cash for renovation as discussed.</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> express a deep gratitude that
someone beside her is dealing with these reports.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Committee Reports</p>
<p>a.  <a href="/committees/Finance/2012/04/Minute/">Finance Committee Report</a>
    Total yearly assessment membership for IMYM is \$40 and not
    \$35, difference is \$80.00 which Lisa will send out. \$7 for
    Colorado Regional and \$40 for IMYM per member.</p>
<pre><code>Nine Friends are planning to attend IMYM gathering, each adult
will receive \$100 and \$75 per child for \$825.00 total.

Mountain Friends Camp, two young friends from the meeting are
likely to attend the camp. \$1000 shortfall in their current ,
[Finance Committee](/committees/Finance/) recommends that the
meeting make this an annual contribution. Also, [Finance
Committee](/committees/Finance/) recommends that the meeting
immediately of \$100.

[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) recommends that we respond to
MFC for immediate contribution sense of meeting with
recommendations. We'll deal with annual contribution with
further MFC queries.

Mortgage payment options, the Meeting wants to have no less than
\$10,00 available for use as a liquid prudent reserves. We have
a smaller amount of reserve money in Friends Fiduciary, which is
not quickly available).

[Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) has been in discussion with
[Brian Murphy](/Friends/BrianMurphy/) about whether it is worth
the trouble, time, money, and paperwork for utility bill as a
non-profit. Report accepted with graditute to Sarah, Ann
recommends that the Meeting
</code></pre>
<p>b.  <a href="/committees/Nominating/">Nominating Committee</a> The committee
    going about trying to fill positions that are coming up now or
    in the near future. <a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill</a> notes that
    people on the nominating committee could be one committee.</p>
<p>c.  <a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight/">Ministry and Oversight
    Committee</a> Census and
    director put together formal census sent to IMYM yearly monthly,
    IMYM has request certain categories for census.
    <a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy</a> is converting directory to
    electronic format. <a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill</a> hasn't dealt
    with address, some entries may not have telephone, numbers, and
    address for correct information. People correct own information
    or are aware that some information is incorrect for some else.</p>
<pre><code>The advantage of this , thanks for [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/)
in compiling, [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/), IMYM wants it
out by end of April.

Last two months have been very active for the past two months.
The question about [Tup](/Friends/TupRoberts/) and
[Dede](/Friends/Dede) memorial , no affirmative request from
family for the Meeting for formal memorial.
[M&amp;O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) asks if Meeting would
have own memorial, inquiry to what is the right thing to do?
[Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) would like to have a memorial,
she feels that enough time has past, maybe a Sunday in May or
June about an event. More relatives are coming in June,
[Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) and
[Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/) will plan this event.

[Adult Education and Social Action
Committee](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/) entire
[M&amp;O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) and
[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/). [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/)
research IMYM Adult Education and Social Action, not much
available on Adult Education but a lot on social action.

Mission Statement - [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) read proposed
Mission for [Adult Education and Social Action
Committee](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/) to [Business
Meeting](/meetings/Business) . Will coordinate with YF
education. [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) most meeting have a
standard Peace and Social Concerns with other meetings. Part of
what this committee takes on much as they of the Peace of Social
Concerns.

[Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) absolute happy with concerns,
point out that YF's, coming with new website Friends with
events, will have one place to look. Help with REA.

[Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) excellent, raises "Do you
engage in Meeting or Corporate Meeting\`, on website to
establish a link to [Adult Education and Social
Action](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/) committee.

[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) shared from her work on the
IMYM Peace and Social concern meetings that IMYN acknowledges
that in smaller meetings, some business is conjoined into a
smaller committee, [Adult Education and Social
Action](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/) combines what in
larger meetings would be separate Adult Education and Peace and
Social Concerns.

[Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) and
[Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) have agreed to serve on the
[Adult Education and Social Action
Committee](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/), Meeting
accepts revised Mission statement.
</code></pre>
<p>d.  <a href="/committees/MeetingHome/">Meeting Home</a> Committee
    <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> read the <a href="/committees/MeetingHome/2012/04/Minute">Meeting Home
    Report</a> with intention
    to meet in new Meeting Home on May 7th.</p>
<pre><code>Question about where the mail delivered? Slot in building.

Action items:

1.  Laying down [Meeting Home](/committees/MeetingHome/)
    committee. Sense of meeting that it is time to lay down this
    meeting with much gradited and agreement.

2.  Start up new [Meeting House](/committees/MeetingHouse/)
    committee, let this season until next month? How are moving
    forward with renovations and contractor.
    [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) and
    [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) concern about ongoing
    project, in place of [Meeting
    Home](/committees/MeetingHome/) raise up [Meeting
    House](/committees/MeetingHouse/) with old members of the
    [Meeting Home](/committees/MeetingHome/) committee. [Julie
    R.](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/) would love to take up sweat
    equity, [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) take charge of
    contractors. [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/) nodded for being
    responsibility.

    [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) asked if the [Finance
    Committee](/committees/Finance/) should take charge of
    fund-rising? [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) really likes
    idea. Given that other members have agreed to be volunteers
    for specific reactions. Pull out fund-rising part where it
    should live and who charge [Finance
    Committee](/committees/Finance/) with what it would take.

    Friendly amendment with four parts, with the group should
    determine clerk with

    -   Maintenance and Renovation -
        [Daniel](/Friends/DanielKidney/)

    -   Ground - [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/)

    -   Sweat Equity - [Julie R.](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/)

    -   Contractors - [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) and
        [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/)

    Group will meet to determine the clerk. Clerk concerned with
    current charge, his partner about there has to be some point
    a process for deciding on design and aesthetics of the new
    Meeting House. [Linda Seger](/Friends/LindaSeger/) may have
    interest and leadership on this matter. Meeting approach
    [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/) about leading Meeting and will
    be an unfolding as process. Carlton would be in favor of
    Linda's participation. Carlton doesn't , consulting member,
    [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/) a "member-at-large" and
    explore [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/)'s role as "ad hoc"
    member of Meeting House shepherd our process internal and
    external design and appearance of space.

    [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) asks what address she should
    use for the renewal of the ad in Friends Journal and about
    the telephone update. It is due in June and starting
    [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) will change the form to the
    current address.

    [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) asked logistical question
    about how we get from here to new meeting house curious when
    library can be moved? Sweat Equity question and coordinated.
    Wouldn't append until after May.
    [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) contact [Julie
    R.](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/) about physical move from
    Pride center to new Meeting House. There may be things on
    [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) about donation list of other
    Sweat Equity days, a week of April 29th and 30th for work
    days.

    [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) will contact the Pride
    center about moving in May 7th. No bid yet on floors.
    [Finance Committee](/committees/Finance/) if we are able to
    do a full donation for May to Pride Center.
    [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) asked that letter with
    May's payment a formal letter that we are moving in May.
    [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) will also contact them.

    [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) mentioned that the Meeting
    House has a lock-box code and Friends can get inside using
    the code, handing behind screen.
    [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) encouraged to go over for
    possible locations for library and work with
    [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/) and look at architect report.
</code></pre>
<p>e.  <a href="/committees/Education/">Education Committee</a> Committee</p>
<pre><code>For the May potluck we will be viewing the First Day video the
Young Friends have been filming the past few months with the
subject matter of Jesus's Miracles.
</code></pre>
<p>f.  <a href="/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/">Adult Education and Social
    Action</a> Committee Report</p>
<pre><code>April 29th and May 13th final session.
[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) working on sessions and events
for next fall.
</code></pre>
<p>g.  <a href="/committees/Library/">Library</a> Move of library at next work
    day, <a href="/Friends/JoyceDoyle/">Joyce</a> will inventory library after
    move.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Old Business</p>
<p>None.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>New Business</p>
<p>a.  <a href="/meetings/2012/StateOfMeeting/">State of Meeting Report</a>
    Approval - Forgot theme of Adult Education class series, last
    studying "Quakers in the Bible, Introduction to Quaker
    History"," Quakers in History" was presented. Quaker book group
    read "Wisdom to Know the Difference", reading "EcoMind". Further
    minor changes accepted. 2012 correct date for purchase of
    Meeting House. <a href="/Friends/GingerMorgan/">Ginger</a> will make the
    changes to <a href="/meetings/2012/StateOfMeeting/">State of Meeting
    Report</a>.</p>
<pre><code>[M&amp;O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) will complete this
report next year, [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) is thanked
for her efforts.
</code></pre>
<p>b.  IMYM Directory of Adult members and attenders</p>
<pre><code>If Friends don't want to be included in Directory contact
[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) or
[Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) this week.
</code></pre>
<p>c.  Friends Mountain Camp Queries from IMYM</p>
<pre><code>Queries on the back, six queries. If Friends can be very
courageous, if this is

[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) read the queries.

&gt; 1.  Should IMYM
&gt;
&gt; 2.  What is the yearly meeting able to do at the present? What
&gt;     are potential problems and fears IMYM have?
&gt;
&gt; 3.  MFC as a separate organization
&gt;
&gt; 4.  IMYM MFC..
&gt;
&gt; 5.  Do monthly meeting support directly MFC or IMYM? Our
&gt;     meeting already directly supports MFC.
&gt;
&gt; 6.  If MFC part of IMYM..
&gt;
&gt; 7.  Meeting came out from IMYM Continuing Committee, improves
&gt;     Meeting \$10,000 additional
&gt;
[Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) IMYM and Joint Services
committee, make it a regular part of IMYM to have a fund raising
role, MFC make a permanent standing committee of IMYM with
Monthly Meeting representation.

[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) we are not in the position to
take up queries should be part of IMYM, strongly support that
MFC be a part of IMYM. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) took up

[Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) not be cut loose from IMYM so
important to development of young friends committee. YF can be
immersed in Quakers life.

[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) would friends support for a fee
for camp? Yes, with current model of funding with a scholarship
or other support for YF to attend? Yes.

It is the sense of Colorado Springs Friends MFC should be
established as a program of IMYM and under the oversight of a
standing committee of IMYM, (Appendices B Number 2 option).
Colorado Springs currently supports MFC directly. Colorado
Spring Meeting supports MFC charged with a fee with the
understanding that scholarship or other support of YF who need
it.

Do Friends support a yearly \$100 donation to MFC continuing
forward? [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) approve supporting MFC
encourage so long as MFC is associated with IMYM. Yes.
[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) doesn't have a lot of faith that
IMYM will raise assessments to support MFC. We support a modest
increase in assessment and MFC fees. IMYM raising its assessment
to support MFC Continuing Committee recommendation of \$10,000.
</code></pre>
<p>d.  Resignation of Clerk</p>
<pre><code>[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/)'s family moving this summer.
The last Business for Meeting in May
[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) can attend. We usually suspend
[Business for Meeting](/meetings/Business) in June and July and
we can't do it this year. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) ,
[Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) notes deep gratitude to
[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) as her service in clerk for
[M&amp;O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) and as Clerk of our
meeting. Quakers operate in loving and altruistic suggest to us
and for us by other Quaker organization. Nominating committee ..
We have a party in the new meeting house for
[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/).
[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) has a "holy" desire to serve as
clerk of a meeting for worship for business in the new meeting
house.
</code></pre>
</li>
<li>
<p>Announcements</p>
<p>None</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>We ended in silence at 1:22 pm.</p>
<p>Respectively submitted in the light,</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy Nelson</a></p>
<p>Recording Clerk</p>
   </div>
  
  </div>

</div>

    </div> <!-- /container -->
    
   <div class="modal fade" id="contact-dlg">
  <div class="modal-dialog">
    <div class="modal-content">
      <div class="modal-header">
        <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="modal" aria-hidden="true">&times;</button>
        <h4 class="modal-title">Contact us</h4>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-body">
        <div class="row">
         <div class='col-md-8'>
          <h3>Mailing Address</h3>
          <div class="alert alert-success">
           950 Cimarron Street East<br>
           Colorado Springs, Colorado<br>
           80903 
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class='col-md-6'>
         </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-footer">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary" data-dismiss="modal">Close</button>
      </div>
    </div><!-- /.modal-content -->
  </div><!-- /.modal-dialog -->
</div><!-- /.modal -->
 

    <!-- Bootstrap core JavaScript
    ================================================== -->
    <!-- Placed at the end of the document so the pages load faster -->
	<script src="/static/js/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="/static/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
     
  </body>
</html>