<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta name="description" content="">
    <meta name="author" content="">
	<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/static/ico/favicon.png">

    <title>Colorado Springs Monthly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends (the Quakers)
      
    </title>

    <!-- Bootstrap core CSS -->
	<link href="/static/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- Custom styles for this template -->
	<link href="/static/css/default.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- HTML5 shim and Respond.js IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries -->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]>
      <script src="../../assets/js/html5shiv.js"></script>
      <script src="../../assets/js/respond.min.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->
  </head>

  <body>

    
         <div class="navbar navbar-inverse navbar-fixed-top">
      <div class="container">
        <div class="navbar-header">
          <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target=".navbar-collapse">
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
          </button>
          <a class="navbar-brand" href="/">Colorado Springs Quakers</a>
        </div>
        <div class="navbar-collapse collapse">
          <ul class="nav navbar-nav">
            <li ><a href="/">Home</a></li>
            <li ><a href="/calendar">Calendar</a></li>
            <li><a href="#contact-dlg" data-toggle="modal">Contact</a></li>
            <li class="dropdown active">
              <a href="#" 
                 class="dropdown-toggle" 
                 data-toggle="dropdown">About <b class="caret"></b></a>
              <ul class="dropdown-menu">
                <li><a href="/testimonies">Testimonies</a>
                  <ul>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li> 
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/meetings">Meetings</a>
                  <ul>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Meeting for Worship</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Meeting for Business</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/committees/">Committees</a>
                 <ul>
                  <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
                 </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="#">Our History</a>
                 <ul>
						 
                  <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
                  </ul>
                 </li>
               </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>

         </div><!--/.navbar-collapse -->
      </div>
    </div>
    

    

    

    

   <div class="container">
    

<div class="row">
  
  <div class="col-md-3">
   <div class="btn-group-vertical btn-group-lg hidden-xs hidden-sm">
 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         data-target="#testimonies">
   Testimonies
 </a>

 <div id="testimonies" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <p>We, as Quakers, do not affirm any specific doctrine or 
     creed but instead try to live in accordance with the following
     testimonies:
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div>


 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         href="#meetings">
   Meetings
 </a>

 
 <div id="meetings" class="collapse in left-nav-body">
  <p>
   Quakerism offers a spirituality based on experiencing a loving inward presence, 
   or Inner Light, which opens us to truth, freedom and peace.  Our weekly Meeting 
   for Worship is at 10 am each First Day (Sunday).   In our Meeting for Worship, 
   we gather together in prayerful silence for one hour, opening ourselves to this 
   experience.  All are welcome.
  </p>
  <p>
   We also have a monthly Business Meeting after worship on the third First Day 
   of each month, where consensus decisions are made concerning the Meeting's 
   financial, spiritual, and physical matters.
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Worship</a></li>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Business</a></li>
  </ul>

 </div>
 

 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#committees">
  Committees
 </a>
 <div id="committees" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
   Our Meeting's committees serve a vital role in our 
   spritual service and community. 
  </p>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
 

  
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#history">
  Our History
 </a>

 <div id="history" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
  Our history
  </p>
  <ul>

   <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
  

 
 
 
  <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#calendar">
  Calendar 
 </a>
 <div id="calendar" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <a href="/calendar">Display Calendar</a> 
</div> 

 
</div>


  
  </div>
  
  <div class="col-md-9">
   <div class="well">
   <h1>Minutes</h1>
<h2>Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business</h2>
<h2>Colorado Springs Friends Meeting</h2>
<p><strong>Eighteenth Day of Second Month 2018</strong></p>
<p><strong>Present:</strong> <a href="/Friends/EllenCooney">Ellen Cooney</a> (clerk), <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty">Ann Daugherty</a>, 
<a href="/Friends/AnnGrantMartin">Ann Martin</a>, <a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer">Carlton Gamer</a>, <a href="/Friends/KelseyKennedy">Kelsey Kennedy</a>, 
<a href="/Friends/LindaSeegar">Linda Seeger</a>, <a href="/Friends/JohnRobey">John Robey</a>, <a href="/Friends/SueLauther">Sue Lauther</a>,
<a href="/Friends/PeterLeVar">Peter LeVar</a>, <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate">Molly Wingate</a>, <a href="/Friends/AustinHawk">Austin Hawk</a> , 
Hannah (a visitor) and <a href="/Friends/LisaLister">Lisa Lister</a> (recording clerk).</p>
<p><strong>We began with silent worship and the following query: </strong></p>
<p><em>Do we find ways to live peacefully in our daily relationships? Do we
encourage others to do so through education and example?</em></p>
<p><strong>The minutes from First Month, 2018, were approved.</strong></p>
<h3>COMMITTEE REPORTS</h3>
<p><em>Note: The full text of committee minutes are located in the appendices
following these minutes.</em></p>
<h4>Meetinghouse Committee</h4>
<p>The <a href="#meeting-house">committee minutes</a> were accepted.</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty">Ann</a> reported on her findings on the cost of Internet and phone. The
costs are either $95 or $105 per month depending on the speed.
Telephone (with remote access) is $20. There was a discussion about
whether we need Internet connectivity and why. It was felt it would be
useful for many reasons, including First Day School, and the hosting of
regional Quaker meetings.</p>
<p>We will continue to explore these two options:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p><a href="/Friends/KelseyKennedy">Kelsey</a> will work with Finance Committee to review whether we can
    afford this, should we decide to proceed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="/Friends/LindaSeegar">Linda Seeger</a> expressed willingness to field phone calls for the
    Meeting, and will explore the cost to add a second line for this purpose.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>Ministry and Oversight Committee</p>
<p>The <a href="#ministry-oversight">committee minutes</a> were accepted.</p>
<p>The committee considered the latest draft of the Child Protection
Policy, and were concerned about how to fold in current teachers in this
application process.</p>
<p>The committee recommends (based on Kenworthy's recommendations in
<em>Quakerism: A Study Guide</em> book) that a three person committee be
appointed each year to create a State of the Meeting report, which is
due to Colorado Regional by May 20. Ann Martin has been writing these
for a number of years, and she thinks it is important to give others an
opportunity to reflect on the state of the meeting in this manner. This
concept and procedural change was <strong>approved</strong> by the Meeting. Linda and
Lisa volunteered to work on this report this year. A third volunteer is
welcome, should they feel so moved.</p>
<p>Friends expressed interest in having a workship sharing session this
Spring. Details will be forthcoming.</p>
<h3>Peace and Social Concerns</h3>
<p>The <a href="#peace-social-concerns">committee minutes</a> were accepted.</p>
<p>Sanctuary News: The Sanctuary Coalition is evaluating its process in
hosting its first guest in order to improve in the future. Members of
this Meeting involved expressed that relationships within the coalition
have been very positive. They continue to meet every other week.</p>
<p>The Meeting <strong>approved</strong> using the upcoming potluck on March 4 to focus
on and identify priorities for Friends Committee on National Legislation
(FCNL). A member of Peace and Social Concerns will facilitate this
session.</p>
<p>Committee members are looking into how the Meeting can move toward being
better allies to people of color. Each member has committed to doing
research in different aspects of this important concern, and plan to
report back at a future meeting for business. The Committee is looking
into whether it is possible to bring Deanne Butterfield to the Meeting
to do a workshop on effective lobbying.</p>
<h3>Finance Committee</h3>
<p><a href="/Friends/KelseyKennedy">Kelsey</a> reported, that contrary to his expectations, it has not been a
smooth bookkeeper transition. Beatrix, after starting as bookkeeper, has
had to withdraw from the bookkeeper position due to changes in her life
situation. We have now hired Carol Nolan to be our bookkeeper, a very
competent bookkeeper, who was also interviewed by the Meeting. Kelsey
asks for our patience as this transition is made.</p>
<p>A street ministry contacted <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate">Molly</a> about whether we are interested in
donating. Because we know nothing about this organization, we were
unable to evaluate how to proceed. <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty">Ann D.</a> is willing to call this
ministry and learn more about it, and see if we want to donate during
out local distributions.</p>
<h2>NEW BUSINESS</h2>
<h3>First Day School/Safety for children in the Meeting</h3>
<p>The draft policy on child protection was presented in hopes of approval
and implementation. The policy was discussed, and some changes were
proposed, including changing "youth or child care worker" to "First Day
School teacher." Ministry and Oversight recommends that current teachers
should get a background check, and that the Meeting would keep these on
file. We also thought it might be more reasonable and doable if
background checks were done on "one of the two adults" present, instead
of requiring it of both teachers. There were also concerns that the
document be changed from "policy" to "advice," but it was not clear if
this was settled. It was decided that this document needs more review,
and should be brought back to the next Meeting for Business. Ministry &amp;
Oversight was also review proposed changes.</p>
<h2>ANNOUNCEMENTS</h2>
<p><a href="/Friends/MollyWingate">Molly</a> announced the Intermountain Yearly Meeting (IMYM) call, and let us
all know that this year will be a "pay as you are led" model. This will
be the last year at Ghost Ranch. In 2019, IMYM will be held at Fort
Lewis College in Durango. Our Meeting, will (along with Mountain View)
will be in charge of the children's program in 2020 and 2021.</p>
<p>We closed in silent worship.</p>
<p>In the Light of love and kindness,</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/LisaLister">Lisa Lister</a>, recording clerk</p>
<h1>APPENDICES</h1>
<p><strong>February 2018 Meeting for Business</strong></p>
<p><a name="meeting-house"></a></p>
<h2>Meeting House Committee Minutes</h2>
<p><strong>February 12, 2018</strong></p>
<p>Present: <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty">Ann Daugherty</a> (clerk), <a href="/Friends/PhilFriesen">Phil Friesen</a> 
and <a href="/Friends/LisaLister">Lisa Lister</a> (recorder). <a href="/Friends/ClaireSheridan">Claire Sheridan</a> 
attended by phone.</p>
<p><strong><em>Old Business</em></strong></p>
<p><strong>Storage room </strong></p>
<p>The storage room (by the bathrooms) was cleaned out during the January
clean-up Sunday. A number of extraneous items were purged, and the space
is now better organized.</p>
<p><strong>Status of drainage from basement to street</strong></p>
<p><a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty">Ann Daugherty</a> has inquired with the Regional Building department, and is
STILL waiting for a response. She should know by March 1.</p>
<p><strong>Weather stripping windows</strong></p>
<p><a href="/Friends/PhilFriesen">Phil Friesen</a> is planning to weather-strip the bottom half of the
windows. The cost will be around $30, but he is still trying to locate
the right materials.</p>
<p><strong><em>Pending Business (weather dependent)</em></strong></p>
<p><strong>Painting of meeting house trim:</strong> John Mills (a small, independent
painter), has accepted the exterior trim painting job for a sum of
$1,850. He will begin work once the weather allows. This was approved
at the December 2017 Meeting for Business. The trim color will remain
light blue, but may vary slightly from the existing color.</p>
<p><strong>Crawl Space review:</strong> We still plan to pull out stuff located in the
crawl space under the wooden trap door (in the kitchen area) and review
what is there, and whether it should be retained. It is a donation from
a deceased former member of the Meeting.</p>
<p><strong>The side garden gate needs some minor repair:</strong> <a href="/Friends/PhilFriesen">Phil</a> will fix it.</p>
<p><strong>Crawl space vapor barrier</strong>: We want to look at the crawl space area
to see if we should add black plastic vapor barrier over the dirt, which
might improve those occasional mystery smells. <a href="/Friends/KelseyKennedy">Kelsey Kennedy</a> and <a href="/Friends/PhilFriesen">Phil</a>
are willing to evaluate the situation and perhaps do the work.</p>
<p><strong>Watering Peace &amp; Justice (tree) and other plantings:</strong> During this
very dry winter, we need to make sure our plantings are getting enough
water. As long as it remains so dry, we plan to water twice a month.</p>
<p><strong><em>New Business</em></strong></p>
<p><strong>Internet/phone service for the meeting house</strong></p>
<p>This committee was tasked with getting estimates for how much Internet
and/or phone service would cost each month, and to present our findings
at the February Meeting for Business for discussion. <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty">Ann Daugherty</a> has
volunteered to call both Comcast and Century Link to get estimates.</p>
<p><strong>Thermostat in meeting house</strong></p>
<p>When folks arrived for meeting for worship on Sunday, February 11, it
was 40 degrees in the building! It took over two hours to bring the
temperature up to a comfortable level. The thermostat was somehow turned
off. Lisa has volunteered to write up some instructions (the current
ones are faded). If you need to change the thermostat (bump the
temperature up or down), the instructions will be posted. Please do not
change the scheduling or turn the heat off.</p>
<p><strong><em>Ongoing Reminders</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>After each First Day meeting, please remove all trash and garbage
    from the building to prevent unpleasant smells. Also please empty
    the coffee pot and grounds.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Thermostats in bathrooms: If the thermostat temperature is turned
    up, it needs to be returned to its 50 degree setting before locking
    the bathroom doors.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Friends, please do not donate items without checking first with the
    Meeting House Committee. Because our space is small and shared by
    all, some donations may cause discord.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The last person out of the building needs to double-check that all
    windows and doors are locked. Some doors have to be closed FIRMLY
    for the latches to catch.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>The committee now meets at 1:30 p.m. on the second Monday of the month.
We meet at the meeting house, and all are welcome.</p>
<p>We adjourned following silent worship.</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/LisaLister">Lisa Lister</a></p>
<p>Recording Clerk</p>
<p><a name="ministry-oversight"></a></p>
<p><strong>Ministry and Oversight Committee Minutes, February 12, 2018</strong></p>
<p>Today's meeting at <a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer">Carlton Gamer</a>'s began at 11:00 with Spiritual
Silence.</p>
<p>Present were <a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer">Carlton Gamer</a>, <a href="/Friends/PeterLeVar">Peter LeVar</a> 
and <a href="/Friends/AnnGrantMartin">Ann Grant Martin</a>, Clerk.</p>
<p>After a brief check-in we reviewed the latest draft of the Child
Protection Policy. We appreciate the time and effort that the Religious
Education Committee has given to this document. It is well organized and
addresses the essential policies needed to protect the children who
participate in First Day School.</p>
<p>However, members of M&amp;O are concerned about how long time
member/attender First Day teachers can be folded into the application
process. We question the necessity of requiring 2 character references,
an interview and a background check for these Friends who have proven
themselves trustworthy, dedicated teachers. Is there a way to streamline
the process?</p>
<p>Our Quakerism 101 class this year is reading Leonard Kenworthy's book,
Quakerism A Study Guide on the Religious Society of Friends. On page 98
he points out that a small committee of 3 usually meets to draft the
State of the Meeting Report. Members of M&amp;O suggest that the Meeting
consider adopting this method of creating our yearly State of the
Meeting Report. We note that this committee could be made up of Friends
who represent several different committees that are active in our
Meeting.</p>
<p>Kenworthy goes on to list topics that may be included in the Report:</p>
<p>The quality of worship and spiritual ministry</p>
<p>Efforts to foster spiritual growth</p>
<p>Stands taken on Friends' principles</p>
<p>Personal and family relations</p>
<p>Relations with community and other religious groups</p>
<p>Participation in general activities of Friends</p>
<p>Significant activities or concerns of the local Meeting</p>
<p>We tallied numbers for the requested IMYM Census.</p>
<p>We ask Friends if they would like to have another evening of Worship
Sharing in the Spring and if so, to suggest the topic that is most
relevant.</p>
<p>Our next meeting will be at 11:00 on March 14, 2018 at Carlton Gamer’s
home.</p>
<p>In the Light of Peace,</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/AnnGrantMartin">Ann Grant Martin</a>, Clerk of the Ministry and Oversight Committee</p>
<p><a name="peace-social-concerns"></a></p>
<h2>Minutes of the Peace and Social Concerns Committee Meeting</h2>
<p><strong>January 31, 2018</strong></p>
<p>Present: <a href="/Friends/AustinHawk">Austin Hawk</a>, Clerk, <a href="/Friends/ClaireSheridan">Claire Sheridan</a>, 
<a href="/Friends/MollyWingate">Molly Wingate</a> and <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty">Ann Daugherty</a>, co-recording clerk. 
<a href="/Friends/JohnRobey">John Robey</a> was unable to attend.</p>
<p><strong><em>Sanctuary Coalition Report</em></strong>:</p>
<p>Following Silent Worship, <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty">Ann</a> gave a brief report of "Elmer Tells His
Story" held December 6, 2017 at the host church, All Souls Unitarian.
The event was well represented by Friends. Two Hundred Fifty Dollars
were raised for Elmer's legal fund. Elmer has left sanctuary. The Good
news is that he has not been deported. The Sanctuary Coalition continues
to meet every other Tuesday to refine and to define our purpose,
structure and systems.</p>
<p><strong><em>AFSC and FCNL:</em></strong></p>
<p>Friends Committee on National Legislation noted that 75 years ago in the
midst of World War II, Friends came together to create a way to
influence the U. S. federal government policies. The Peace and Social
Concerns committee is hoping that our community can take part in this
nationwide discernment as to what issues FCNL should focus on in the
next Congress. Our committee thought this would be perfect for our March
Potluck. FCNL is requesting that we respond by April 13, 2018</p>
<p>Each committee member present decided to look more into an action item
regarding our meeting moving toward being better allies to people of
color. Each person committed to doing some research before the next
business meeting so that we can present our ideas at business meeting.
<a href="/Friends/ClaireSheridan">Claire</a> will look into the book,<em>Fit for Freedom, not Fit for
Friendship</em>. <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty">Ann</a> will look into a book about housing discrimination,
<a href="/Friends/MollyWingate">Molly</a> will look into an AFSC program titled "39 Questions", and 
<a href="/Friends/AustinHawk">Austin</a> will look into the movie, <em>I'm Not Your Negro</em>.</p>
<p>Also, <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate">Molly</a> said she would get in touch with her friend Jodie Alyn, the
consultant who does diversity training nationally, to get an idea of
what she charges for her services. Note: <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate">Molly</a> said that she's not
cheap.</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/MollyWingate">Molly</a> and <a href="/Friends/ClaireSheridan">Claire</a> have a connection to Deanne 
Butterfield, who does workshops on lobbying. 
The P&amp;SC committee is curious if there is any
interest by our meetinghouse to host a workshop on effective lobbying?
It would combine talking and doing. There is no time-frame for this, but
the thinking would be sometime after Yearly Meeting.</p>
<p>Our next P&amp;SC Committee Meeting will be February 28, 2018 at the Meeting
House. The time is 6:00 PM.</p>
<p>We adjourned following silent worship</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty">Ann</a>,</p>
<p>Recording Clerk</p>
   </div>
  
  </div>

</div>

    </div> <!-- /container -->
    
   <div class="modal fade" id="contact-dlg">
  <div class="modal-dialog">
    <div class="modal-content">
      <div class="modal-header">
        <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="modal" aria-hidden="true">&times;</button>
        <h4 class="modal-title">Contact us</h4>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-body">
        <div class="row">
         <div class='col-md-8'>
          <h3>Mailing Address</h3>
          <div class="alert alert-success">
           950 Cimarron Street East<br>
           Colorado Springs, Colorado<br>
           80903 
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class='col-md-6'>
         </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-footer">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary" data-dismiss="modal">Close</button>
      </div>
    </div><!-- /.modal-content -->
  </div><!-- /.modal-dialog -->
</div><!-- /.modal -->
 

    <!-- Bootstrap core JavaScript
    ================================================== -->
    <!-- Placed at the end of the document so the pages load faster -->
	<script src="/static/js/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="/static/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
     
  </body>
</html>