Date: 2017-02-19T11:20:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[AustinHawk]: /Friends/AustinHawk
[BarbCromwell]: /Friends/BarbCromwell
[BrianSojourner]: /Friends/BrianSojourner
[BriannaHawk]: /Friends/BriannaHawk
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[ClaireSheridan]: /Friends/ClaireSheridan
[ConstanceGale]: /Friends/ConstanceGale
[EllenCooney]: /Friends/EllenCooney
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[HollyGrasso]: /Friends/HollyGrasso
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JohnGallagher]: /Friends/JohnGallagher
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[JudithMcKay]: /Friends/JudithMcKay
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[JuliaRotenValdez]: /Friends/JuliaRotenValdez
[KenMcKay]: /Friends/KenMcKay
[KelseyKennedy]: /Friends/KelseyKennedy
[MelissaVuto]: /Friends/MelissaVuto
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[NancyAndrews]: /Friends/NancyAndrews
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallback]: /Friends/SarahCallback
[SherryMacMahon]: /Friends/SherryMacMahon]
[SueLauther]: /Friends/SueLauther
[SueLathrop]: /Friends/SueLathrop



# Meeting for Worship for Business

## February 16, 2017 

The meeting opened with silence followed by reading a query on meetings
for worship for business from British Faith and Practice. Present were:
[Ellen Cooney][EllenCooney], [Julia Roten-Valdez][JuliaRotenValdez], 
[Sue Lathrop][SueLathrop], [Melissa Vuto][MelissaVuto], [John Gallagher][JohnGallagher], 
[Claire Sheridan][ClaireSheridan], [Kelsey Kennedy][KelseyKennedy], [Lisa Lister][LisaLister], 
[Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty], [Ann Grant-Martin][AnnGrantMartin].

Business meeting minutes for first month were approved

*   Meeting House Committee: Storm drainage and painting plans are ongoing.
    LED lights in place, covers for chairs cleaned, sewer may need scoping,
    looking for solution to wind catching door. Report accepted.

*   M&am;O Committee: [Ann Grant-Martin][AnnGrantMartin] is drafting the State of the 
    Meeting report, input is welcome. Soup and Sharing will be on 
    April 12 @ 6:00 p.m. at [Phil][PhilFriesen] and [Lisa][LisaLister]’s unless it 
    is too crowded. Meeting discussed an interest in assisting [John Robey][JohnRobey] 
    with the cost of a hearing assistance device. Actual financial need is not 
    yet certain. [Ann Grant-Martin][AnnGrantMartin] feels called to teach 
    Quakerism 101 in September using Phillip Kenworthy’s book. Report accepted.

*   Peace and Social Justice Committee: We will have a letter writing
    project on March 5, 2017 after Meeting and potluck to provide out input
    to our congressional representatives. [Ellen][EllenCooney] reported on the immigration
    meeting in Pueblo. There were several volunteers to poll other
    organizations to learn about their level of involvement.

*   Finance committee: No report secondary to medical problems, but our
    finances are healthy.

*   IMYM Representatives Committee: [John Gallagher][JohnGallagher] 
    reported the Arrangements Committee met in January. 
    Representatives Committee met in February. Representatives 
    Committee is recommending that IMYM use a "pay as led"
    system for registration in 2018 to see if or how attendance is affected.
    They are also recommending we stay at Ghost Ranch for 2017 and 2018.
    They are considering other locations for Yearly Meeting in the future.

    Background checks are being implemented for adults working with children
    at Yearly Meeting.

### New Business: 
[Bill][BillDurland] and [Genie Durland][GenieDurland]’s requests for transfer of
membership to Mountain View Meeting were approved with sadness. The
clerk will minute it upon receipt of a formal request.

Announcements: We are hosting Colorado Regional here on April 23<sup>rd</sup>.
Please plan to attend and help feed 25 people.

The meeting closed with silence.

Respectfully submitted,

[Julia Roten-Valdez][JuliaRotenValdez]

Recording Clerk
