<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta name="description" content="">
    <meta name="author" content="">
	<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/static/ico/favicon.png">

    <title>Colorado Springs Monthly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends (the Quakers)
      
    </title>

    <!-- Bootstrap core CSS -->
	<link href="/static/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- Custom styles for this template -->
	<link href="/static/css/default.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- HTML5 shim and Respond.js IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries -->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]>
      <script src="../../assets/js/html5shiv.js"></script>
      <script src="../../assets/js/respond.min.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->
  </head>

  <body>

    
         <div class="navbar navbar-inverse navbar-fixed-top">
      <div class="container">
        <div class="navbar-header">
          <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target=".navbar-collapse">
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
          </button>
          <a class="navbar-brand" href="/">Colorado Springs Quakers</a>
        </div>
        <div class="navbar-collapse collapse">
          <ul class="nav navbar-nav">
            <li ><a href="/">Home</a></li>
            <li ><a href="/calendar">Calendar</a></li>
            <li><a href="#contact-dlg" data-toggle="modal">Contact</a></li>
            <li class="dropdown active">
              <a href="#" 
                 class="dropdown-toggle" 
                 data-toggle="dropdown">About <b class="caret"></b></a>
              <ul class="dropdown-menu">
                <li><a href="/testimonies">Testimonies</a>
                  <ul>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li> 
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/meetings">Meetings</a>
                  <ul>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Meeting for Worship</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Meeting for Business</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/committees/">Committees</a>
                 <ul>
                  <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
                 </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="#">Our History</a>
                 <ul>
						 
                  <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
                  </ul>
                 </li>
               </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>

         </div><!--/.navbar-collapse -->
      </div>
    </div>
    

    

    

    

   <div class="container">
    

<div class="row">
  
  <div class="col-md-3">
   <div class="btn-group-vertical btn-group-lg hidden-xs hidden-sm">
 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         data-target="#testimonies">
   Testimonies
 </a>

 <div id="testimonies" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <p>We, as Quakers, do not affirm any specific doctrine or 
     creed but instead try to live in accordance with the following
     testimonies:
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div>


 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         href="#meetings">
   Meetings
 </a>

 
 <div id="meetings" class="collapse in left-nav-body">
  <p>
   Quakerism offers a spirituality based on experiencing a loving inward presence, 
   or Inner Light, which opens us to truth, freedom and peace.  Our weekly Meeting 
   for Worship is at 10 am each First Day (Sunday).   In our Meeting for Worship, 
   we gather together in prayerful silence for one hour, opening ourselves to this 
   experience.  All are welcome.
  </p>
  <p>
   We also have a monthly Business Meeting after worship on the third First Day 
   of each month, where consensus decisions are made concerning the Meeting's 
   financial, spiritual, and physical matters.
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Worship</a></li>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Business</a></li>
  </ul>

 </div>
 

 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#committees">
  Committees
 </a>
 <div id="committees" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
   Our Meeting's committees serve a vital role in our 
   spritual service and community. 
  </p>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
 

  
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#history">
  Our History
 </a>

 <div id="history" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
  Our history
  </p>
  <ul>

   <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
  

 
 
 
  <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#calendar">
  Calendar 
 </a>
 <div id="calendar" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <a href="/calendar">Display Calendar</a> 
</div> 

 
</div>


  
  </div>
  
  <div class="col-md-9">
   <div class="well">
   <h1>Minutes Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business</h1>
<h2>May 20, 2012</h2>
<p>In Attendance: <a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill Durland</a>, <a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie
Durland</a>, <a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah
Callbeck</a>, <a href="/Friends/GingerMorgan/">Ginger
Morgan</a> (clerk), <a href="/Friends/JenniferRoberts/">Jennifer
Roberts</a> <a href="/Friends/JoyceDoyle/">Joyce Doyle</a>,
<a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer/">Carlton Gamer</a>, <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly
Wingate</a>, <a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy
Nelson</a></p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Open Worship in Silence at 11:29 a.m.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Approval of April minutes <a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah</a> will
    email <a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy</a> with changes/updates to the
    April Minutes.</p>
<p>Page 3, <a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill</a>'s updated in minutes, meant
that <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> can be on more than just the
Nominating committee.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cash Flow Report Lots of activity in money going out. Pride center
    rent for two months. IMYM support for Mortgage payment, utility
    payment, bill for new electrical box. We did have donations, net to
    checking is \$3,544.27.</p>
<p>Business saving account, the building fund with all of the activity.
Deposits in including transfer from Calvert and money out to pay
electrical bill. Net \$7,830.50 net savings altogether \$8,400.09.
Calvert total building funds and other accounts \$26,752.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Committee Reports:</p>
<p>a.  Finance Committee <a href="/Friends/LisaLister/">Lisa</a> noted that
    listing in Friends Journal cost extra \$22 for website line for
    a \$110 total. Committee feels <a href="/Friends/LisaLister/">Lisa</a>
    updated with new address of Meeting Home.
    <a href="/Friends/LisaLister/">Lisa</a> has been paying mortgage by check,
    looking for automatic bill pay.</p>
<pre><code>Implications of owning building includes having a enough in
reserve for a new furnace and will be closely monitoring cash
flow for the next few months. Need to prepare to cover insurance
payments.

[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) said that something needs to be
done about the building acoustics that need to be addressed in
the very near future. [Meeting House](/committees/MeetingHouse/)
committee should take up this issue. [Meeting
House](/committees/MeetingHouse/) committee will contact
[Finance Committee](/committees/Finance/) about costs.

Immediate things to adjust in the budget are \$477 for mortgage,
utilities \$200 a month, insurance premium, \$99 a month for a
total \$776.00 outflow.

Committee will be redoing the budget and present at the June
Business Meeting.

*Question to Business Meeting*: Ask Friends if dedicated
building pledges can end of May by the beginning of June.
Committee will contact meeting, [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/)
will be sending out an email to other Friends requesting change
in donation. Let donors decide about. Finance Committee we have
a lot of needs, asking those who designated building funds to
more general Meeting funds. The letter the committee is sending
out will include details about this request. Would like to have
flexibility before starting new budget.
</code></pre>
<p>b.  Nominating Committee <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> has been
    nominated to accept the clerkship of the meeting starting July
    1st. This will be seasoned until June 2012.
    <a href="/Friends/GingerMorgan/">Ginger</a> has a year-and-half in her
    term. Friends are asked to volunteer</p>
<p>c.  Ministry and Oversight <a href="/Friends/PeterLeVar/">Peter</a> and
    <a href="/Friends/LindaSeger/">Linda</a> have been busy this past month and
    M&amp;0 did not formally meet.</p>
<pre><code>Directory we were assigned, would like to be approved and then
make people aware that working list along a document PDF of the
directory.

[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) asked two former members of M&amp;O,
[Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) and
[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/), to join to handle
[Val](/Friends/ValPhillips/) about transferring membership to
the meeting.

All clerks for committees have a calendar of events.
Coordinating with census and assessments are two events for M&amp;O
including [State of the Meeting](/meetings/2012/StateOfMeeting/)
report.

The clerk asked that [Julie Brann](/Friends/JulieBrann/) be
included in the attenders list along with
[Jennifer](/Friends/JenniferRoberts/)'s contact information.
</code></pre>
<p>d.  Meeting House The meeting hasn't formally meet yet.
    <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty/">Ann</a>, <a href="/Friends/DanielKidney/">Daniel</a>,
    <a href="/Friends/JonathanMcPhee/">Jonathan</a> and
    <a href="/Friends/MarthaLutz/">Martha</a>, are coordinating landscaping.
    <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> is going off committee and she
    is interested in the long-term of health of this project. We
    need more people, <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> encourage
    friends to volunteer. Report two very good volunteer days in the
    past month. Had 11-12 people on clean-up day. 6-8 people for
    moving day. <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> happy that when call
    goes out, friends responds.</p>
<pre><code>Murphy Construction is finishing up some minor things, but have
substantially

[Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) has agreed to be the contact
person for all contractor. She is working with the building's
previous owners insurance company to pay for the roof. The
previous owner's insurance company is putting some limits but
[Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) and lawyer are working on this
matter. The roof determined to be priority when we moved in;
committee needs to figure this out because the roof is in bad
shape.

Do we have \$1,500 for the roof, it may require this additional
amount. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) asking about
heating/cooling priorities for Meeting? Reserve money for
replacing the heater if we don't include air conditioning.
\$8,000 in waiting with \$2,000 in Calvert. We are very happy to
report that initial work to make this building safe is completed
and came under budget. We have smoke and carbon monoxide
detectors and new electrical work.

Look in June meeting for a revised estimate/recommendation for
prudent reserve to cover replacing heater minus air
conditioning? Friends will determine what to with prudent

[Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) request that as soon as new
revised furnace reserves numbers be forward to Fiance committee.
[Jennifer](/Friends/JenniferRoberts/) is interested in internal
decorating and acoustics and joining the committee.

[Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) suggested to help address the
acoustic issues by shrinking the size of the circle to a double
circle and adding another rug. An email be send out about
Friends Acoustics are an urgent priority, look at temporary
measures until a permanent solution is found.

[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) noted that visitors may be put out
by the meeting house that the sounds and acoustics problems.
</code></pre>
<p>e.  First Day School Committee [EMAIL GINGER about her email to
    John] Need to be reorganized to plan <a href="/committees/FirstDay/">First
    Day</a> school. Schedule does not seem to
    functioning, we will ask John Gallenger to take the lead to
    coordinate sessions and contact schedules. This summer may be
    different from regular session during the year.</p>
<pre><code>Young friends will be in charge of decorating the room for First
day school in the basement.
</code></pre>
<p>f.  Adult Religious Education and Social Action Committee Finishing
    up this month along with a summary of the Quaker testimonies
    along with a review of new pamphlet.</p>
<pre><code>Committee will meet sometimes in August for next September's new
education session.

Ginger will be doing a session on membership for attenders in
early June.

Genie is unclear where Friends can meet for the education
committee. For the time being, the main room's acoustics will
make it hard to run a class for now meet in YF basement room.
</code></pre>
<p>g.  Library Library is here in three parts; non-children stuff, all
    of the kids material is in the basement YF room. The filing
    cabinet in the hallway with a new bookcases for collection.</p>
<pre><code>[Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) requests that any donations be
cleaned before bring to the meeting.
</code></pre>
</li>
<li>
<p>Old Business</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>New Business</p>
<p>a.  Request from Gardner study group to become under the care of the
    meeting</p>
<p>b.  DeeDee's daughters will be in town June 24 and request memorial
    meeting. June 24 is also for Ginger's going away 9:30 memorial
    service and roll into Meeting for Worship at 10:00 with the
    party afterwards.</p>
<pre><code>[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) asked if we should a dedicated
time during Meeting for Worship for late friends to come into
the meeting. For next week, request Friends to wait until
memorial service is finished, before coming into the Meeting for
Worship.

[Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) wondered about expectations of
DeeDee's family for memorial services and should be an hour and
start at 9:00? Is Memorial service a formal Memorial Meeting?
Yes. [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/) will be consulting with
DeeDee family about their desires.

Balance between openness and hospitality but still encourage
Friends to arrive on time. Need balance between the two and M&amp;O
will take this matter for consideration.

Coordinate with DeeDee's family about options of first having
Meeting for Worship. Maybe if we could have a different day of
the week for DeeDee's memorial? [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/)
will be following up with DeeDee's family about their wishes.
Maybe Saturday or Monday? [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) will
ask the family.
</code></pre>
<p>c.  June's Business Meeting is scheduled when people are coming back
    from IMYM. Should be 10th or 17th?
    <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> won't be here on the 17th,
    <a href="/Friends/GingerMorgan/">Ginger</a> recommends that Meeting for
    Business on the 10th. Friends are encouraged to send committee
    reports by Monday or Tuesday.</p>
<p>d.  <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> asks if we should have our own
    phone number, wired or not, for the building?
    <a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer/">Carlton</a> asked if the new addition will
    have an office? Plans are still up and designs can modified.
    Meeting House committee will undertake this matter.</p>
<pre><code>[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) added that Quaker Meeting
traditionally open to other groups including neighbors, to use
the space. [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) asked if we should
have an open house for this neighborhood? Yes, and another
matter for the Meeting House committee for consideration.
</code></pre>
</li>
<li>
<p>Meeting closed in silence at 12:58 pm.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>Respectively submitted in the light,</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy Nelson</a></p>
<p>Recording Clerk</p>
   </div>
  
  </div>

</div>

    </div> <!-- /container -->
    
   <div class="modal fade" id="contact-dlg">
  <div class="modal-dialog">
    <div class="modal-content">
      <div class="modal-header">
        <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="modal" aria-hidden="true">&times;</button>
        <h4 class="modal-title">Contact us</h4>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-body">
        <div class="row">
         <div class='col-md-8'>
          <h3>Mailing Address</h3>
          <div class="alert alert-success">
           950 Cimarron Street East<br>
           Colorado Springs, Colorado<br>
           80903 
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class='col-md-6'>
         </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-footer">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary" data-dismiss="modal">Close</button>
      </div>
    </div><!-- /.modal-content -->
  </div><!-- /.modal-dialog -->
</div><!-- /.modal -->
 

    <!-- Bootstrap core JavaScript
    ================================================== -->
    <!-- Placed at the end of the document so the pages load faster -->
	<script src="/static/js/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="/static/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
     
  </body>
</html>