<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta name="description" content="">
    <meta name="author" content="">
	<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/static/ico/favicon.png">

    <title>Colorado Springs Monthly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends (the Quakers)
      
    </title>

    <!-- Bootstrap core CSS -->
	<link href="/static/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- Custom styles for this template -->
	<link href="/static/css/default.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- HTML5 shim and Respond.js IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries -->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]>
      <script src="../../assets/js/html5shiv.js"></script>
      <script src="../../assets/js/respond.min.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->
  </head>

  <body>

    
         <div class="navbar navbar-inverse navbar-fixed-top">
      <div class="container">
        <div class="navbar-header">
          <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target=".navbar-collapse">
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
          </button>
          <a class="navbar-brand" href="/">Colorado Springs Quakers</a>
        </div>
        <div class="navbar-collapse collapse">
          <ul class="nav navbar-nav">
            <li ><a href="/">Home</a></li>
            <li ><a href="/calendar">Calendar</a></li>
            <li><a href="#contact-dlg" data-toggle="modal">Contact</a></li>
            <li class="dropdown active">
              <a href="#" 
                 class="dropdown-toggle" 
                 data-toggle="dropdown">About <b class="caret"></b></a>
              <ul class="dropdown-menu">
                <li><a href="/testimonies">Testimonies</a>
                  <ul>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li> 
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
                    <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/meetings">Meetings</a>
                  <ul>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Meeting for Worship</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Meeting for Business</a></li>
                  </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="/committees/">Committees</a>
                 <ul>
                  <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
                   <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
                  <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
                 </ul>
                </li>
                <li class="divider"></li>
                <li><a href="#">Our History</a>
                 <ul>
						 
                  <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
                  </ul>
                 </li>
               </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>

         </div><!--/.navbar-collapse -->
      </div>
    </div>
    

    

    

    

   <div class="container">
    

<div class="row">
  
  <div class="col-md-3">
   <div class="btn-group-vertical btn-group-lg hidden-xs hidden-sm">
 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         data-target="#testimonies">
   Testimonies
 </a>

 <div id="testimonies" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <p>We, as Quakers, do not affirm any specific doctrine or 
     creed but instead try to live in accordance with the following
     testimonies:
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Simplicity">Simplicity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Peace">Peace</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Integrity">Integrity</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Community">Community</a></li>
   <li><a href="/testimonies/Equality">Equality</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div>


 <a class="btn btn-primary"
         data-toggle="collapse"
         href="#meetings">
   Meetings
 </a>

 
 <div id="meetings" class="collapse in left-nav-body">
  <p>
   Quakerism offers a spirituality based on experiencing a loving inward presence, 
   or Inner Light, which opens us to truth, freedom and peace.  Our weekly Meeting 
   for Worship is at 10 am each First Day (Sunday).   In our Meeting for Worship, 
   we gather together in prayerful silence for one hour, opening ourselves to this 
   experience.  All are welcome.
  </p>
  <p>
   We also have a monthly Business Meeting after worship on the third First Day 
   of each month, where consensus decisions are made concerning the Meeting's 
   financial, spiritual, and physical matters.
  </p>
  <ul>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Worship">Worship</a></li>
   <li><a href="/meetings/Business">Business</a></li>
  </ul>

 </div>
 

 
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#committees">
  Committees
 </a>
 <div id="committees" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
   Our Meeting's committees serve a vital role in our 
   spritual service and community. 
  </p>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="/committees/Finance">Finance</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MeetingHouse">Meeting House</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/MinistryAndOversight">Ministry and Oversight</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/Nominating">Nominating</a></li>
    <li><a href="/committees/PeaceAndSocialConcerns">Peace and Social Concerns</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
 

  
 <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#history">
  Our History
 </a>

 <div id="history" class="collapse left-nav-body ">
  <p>
  Our history
  </p>
  <ul>

   <li><a href="/history/ColoradoSprings">In Colorado Springs</a></li>
  </ul>
 </div> 
  

 
 
 
  <a class="btn btn-primary"
    data-toggle="collapse"
    href="#calendar">
  Calendar 
 </a>
 <div id="calendar" class="collapse left-nav-body">
  <a href="/calendar">Display Calendar</a> 
</div> 

 
</div>


  
  </div>
  
  <div class="col-md-9">
   <div class="well">
   <h1>Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business</h1>
<p>In Attendance: <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly Wingate</a> (clerk), <a href="/Friends/LisaLister/">Lisa
Lister</a>, <a href="/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/">Julie
Roten-Valdez</a> <a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer/">Carlton
Gamer</a>, <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty/">Ann Daugherty</a>,
<a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie Durland</a>, <a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah
Callbeck</a> <a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy
Nelson</a>, <a href="/Friends/JoyceDoyle/">Joyce Doyle</a>,
<a href="/Friends/BillDurland/">Bill Durland</a>,</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> started the meeting at 11:24 a.m. with a
reading of a preamble from that was used in Young Friend education. Mark
chapter 4.</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Approval of August Minutes for Meeting for Business.
    <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty/">Ann</a> volunteered to take the material and
    change the address. What about publications like Western Friends, do
    we want to forward mail to the Meeting house from the P.O. box to
    the Meeting House. <a href="/Friends/LisaLister/">Lisa</a> volunteered to
    change the address at the post office. Could
    <a href="/Friends/LisaLister/">Lisa</a> pick up a packet of change-of-address
    with postcards to send to publishers and newsletters from other
    Meetings.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cash Flow Report: previously emailed. We finally paid assessments
    for Colorado Regional Meeting. Ending balance checking end of Aug
    \$3297.25, down a bit from the prior month
    <a href="/Friends/SarahCallbeck/">Sarah</a> we are still holding steady. No
    change in emergency or other reserves. No change in building funds.
    In Finance Committee meeting report has much more details. All
    total, we paid \$1752.48 for the roof instead of \$2,000. Calvert
    balance down some, total 14,322.00 in building
    <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> joy that Cash flow report accepted.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Committee Reports:</p>
</li>
</ol>
<blockquote>
<p>a.  Finance Committee: previously emailed Colorado Regional Fall
    gathering meeting, please let committee know now. This month is
    the national distribution will find a suggestions for national
    distributions. AFSC has a contribution matching campaign as we
    decide the national distribution. At Friend's Fiduciary funds they
    are slowly recovering from recession of a few years ago.</p>
<pre><code>We received a Property Valuation notice from the El Paso County
Assessor. It states a tax value, but in another section says we
are exempt. Since this is the first year we have received this
notice (and it is a tad confusing), we want to make sure they know
we are a religious group. Ann will stop by the Assessor office
just to make certain all is well.

**501(c)3 status** We have not filed for this status, which would
exempt us from paying sales tax. Because we have been purchasing
more items for the new Meeting House, it has come up as a question
about whether it would be worth filing for this status. The cost
to file is very expensive, and the preparation of the paperwork
onerous. Right now, we do not believe that it would be worth the
time and expense. [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) supports the
Finance Committee recommendations. Do any other Meetings have this
status? Came up with a email from Mountain View. People in the
Yearly meeting are talking about.

  ---------------------------------------------------------- ------------
  Remaining Building Funds &amp; Liquid Prudent Reserve

  As of: 9/12/2012

  Funds in Calvert:

  Calvert balance                                            \$9,247.76

  Less earmarked for furnace replacement                     (8,000.00)

  Subtotal (liquid prudent reserve)                          1,247.76

  &gt; Carpet - total cost                                      (927.00)

  Add sale of Roz's rings                                    200.00

  &gt; Add donation from Lisa                                   200.00

  Remainder of liquid prudent reserve in Calvert             \$720.76

  Funds in ENT Savings-Building Fund:

  Ent Savings-Building Fund balance                          \$2,314.53

  Less basement outlets &amp; bathroom baseboard heaters         (1,170.00)

  Less gas heater removal from bathrooms (estimate)          (336.00)

  Remainder of liquid prudent reserve in ENT Savings         \$808.53

  Total remaining liquid prudent reserve to be used for      \$1,529.29
  mortgage, utilities &amp; insurance only

  "Trust in God, but tie your camel first."                  
  ---------------------------------------------------------- ------------

Based on report about furnace removal \$336.00 will be moved to
emergency reserves as this will be included in a full renovation.
[Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) will begin consersation with
Finance Committee about taking a small amount of money in checking
to savings for large recurring expenses like the yearly insurance
payment. Donations currently cover mortgage and utilities,
[Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) wants to continue building up
mortgage and utilities reserve to cover 1 years worth, estimated
to be \$5,000. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) is gratefully for
the careful thought that has gone in careful stewardship of
Finance Committee, Molly personal appreciates that Finance
Committee with deep, deep gratitude.
[Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) answered
[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/)'s question about the camel, quote
very common in the Middle East. If the camel is tied it doesn't
cost much but if you let go free it can be very expensive.

1.  National Distribution, [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/)'s thought
    that if you have a matching funds grant FCNL have such a small
    staff, [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) suggested that we give
    \$50 to AFSC and to FCNL. Friends are in unity with this
    recommendation.

2.  Ad hoc Fund-raising sub-committee.
    [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) mentioned that Lisa has sent
    in a request for \$5000 for a new furnace. We are asking for
    more than usual, but we made it clear any amount would .
    [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) talking with Ft. Collins,
    write to Ft. Collins about a matching grant for the Colorado
    Springs Meeting. Soon we will be sending out a letter to all
    of the Meetings that had donated to us in the past. Report
    accepted
</code></pre>
<p>b.  Nominating Committee - no report</p>
<p>c.  Ministry and Oversight: Include items in the agenda.
    <a href="/Friends/LindaSeger/">Linda</a> and
    <a href="/Friends/CarltonGamer/">Carlton</a> are attending as emeritus
    members of M&amp;O. Martha is contacting other members. M&amp;O discussed
    greeters for Meeting. M&amp;O hasn't come up with any recommendations
    as they are still considering and reflecting as the right course
    opens up for the Meeting. It is up to all of us to be friendly to
    a new person after meeting and that Friends need to just be aware
    and assist with any new</p>
<pre><code>Mission statement changed to M&amp;O guidelines. People need to be
sensitive to the need of the meetings for quiet for Meeting for
Worship on first days. Friends are encouraged to try to arrive by
the start but M&amp;O sensitive to the different circumstances that
Friends may not be able to arrive on time but M&amp;O looking at ways
for late arriving Friends to join Meeting for Worship that is to
minimize the distribution. We Friends have an extra burden to
explain what we are and why are that way for newcomers.

If the clerk doesn't have anything assigned to it from the clerk.
M&amp;O is on call and may need to meet more than once a month.
September's meeting will be passed over and M&amp;O will not meet this
month.

M&amp;O report accepted as amended.
</code></pre>
<p>d.  Education Committee: All families with Education worship sharing
    lead by Maria about what is important for First Day School. Kids
    are interested in creative expression and services. Will also have
    a Friday in November for another kids worship sharing outside
    First Day School. Martha and John are co-chairs and will be coming
    up with a schedule for the fall. We are talking about teenagers
    now and not smaller children except for the Werlings. Everyone is
    encouraged to come to take a class with the kids or come to the
    Friday's worship sharing. Joyce has been cataloging material in
    the Meeting and noted that we have a lot of study material and
    maybe have kids go through and see what might interest them.</p>
<p>e.  Adult education and action committee: Last week we had the first
    meeting, <a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie</a> send around a report to 9
    Friends with a schedule, each person will lead a different
    discussion on a testimony but there is flexibility to have
    external speakers and <a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie</a> will notify
    Meeting about any speakers. We may have an opportunity to hear
    from a War Tax advocate in November. The report was accepted with
    gratitude.</p>
<p>f.  Meeting House Committee No outstanding actions, work day every
    forth first day of the month has been successful. Carpet should be
    here next week and is 15' by 20' feet. Should be helpful for
    acoustic. Meeting House Committee does pay attention to what
    Fiance committee.</p>
<pre><code>Baseboard heaters and outlets downstairs will be installed on
Monday.

Meeting Home report accepted with gratitude.
</code></pre>
<p>g.  Library Report - <a href="/Friends/JoyceDoyle/">Joyce</a> expects to have
    full inventory and report on and will have by next Business
    Meeting. <a href="/Friends/JoyceDoyle/">Joyce</a> will be getting a new stamp
    with Meeting address and updating all of the books.</p>
<pre><code>Library Report accepted.
</code></pre>
<ol>
<li>Old business</li>
</ol>
<p>a.  Greeters at meeting - discussed previously in M&amp;O report.</p>
<p>b.  Open house for neighbors and wider community - planning on October
    13th from 2-4pm. <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty/">Ann</a>,
    <a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie</a>,
    <a href="/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/">Julie</a>.
    <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty/">Ann</a> asked if we should we send a large
    or small cards? Postcards were suggested. Friends should send
    names and address of other people they might want to invite to the
    Open House. <a href="/Friends/AnnDaugherty/">Ann</a>'s past experience is
    that 25% response from invitations.
    <a href="/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/">Julie</a> and
    <a href="/Friends/GenieDurland/">Genie</a> will coordinate the food for the
    open house. It would be great to have invitations by the first of
    October.</p>
<pre><code>We need paper plates and other updated written material by this
open house. [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) volunteered to pick
any extra dishes, if we have only finger food we will only need
paper napkins.
</code></pre>
<ol>
<li>New Business</li>
</ol>
</blockquote>
<pre><code>1.  [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) suggested that we have an
    event "show-and-tell" where we all come to learn about what
    Friends in the Meeting are involved with including creative and
    professional interests. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/)
    suggested that we have the event in the week for a couple of
    hours. To start for those Friends that are doing stuff and who
    want to share with the rest of the Meeting have them state what
    they are working and if there are interest in others. This would
    be an ad hoc and Wednesday sounds okay. This wouldn't have to be
    monthly deal.

    Send out an email to the whole meeting stating the idea and ask
    for 1. Who would be interested in attending the event? Who would
    be interested in sharing something?
    [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/)'s show and tell. Input from
    the wider meeting along with a SurveyMonkey about answering
    these questions. What weeknight would work for everyone and
    happen in the next two months. Recording clerk will create a
    survey and send out

2.  Trustees of the Meetings. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/)
    interested in finding out about what trustees do at other
    Meetings and they keep their eyes on the larger picture.
    [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) is pursing and finding out what
    trustees.
</code></pre>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Announcements</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Colorado Regional Meeting will be in Estes Park (October 19-21)
    is going to focus on the diversity in our own spiritual
    community as Quakers. Registration at <imym.org>. Several
    Colorado Springs folks are on the program.</p>
<p>"How do you experience living a spirit-led life? Would you be
willing to share your experience? How would you be willing to
share it? Would you be willing to be interviewed? Do you express
your spirituality creatively... e.g., music, dance, other ways?"</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> has a number of newsletters from
    other Meetings with Pendle Hills workshops.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Interesting letter from Friends United Meeting about the future
    of the Religious Society of Friends for 40 Days of Prayer
    starting on Oct 10th either individuals or as a group.
    <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> found the letter welcoming and
    interesting. <a href="/Friends/MollyWingate/">Molly</a> interested in
    ordering booklet and she going to do; if interested ordering 10
    booklets have a price drop to \$2.50.</p>
<p>We will purchase booklets for use by Friends.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<p>Meeting closed with silence at 1:00pm.</p>
<p>Respectively submitted,</p>
<p><a href="/Friends/JeremyNelson/">Jeremy Nelson</a></p>
<p>Recording Clerk</p>
   </div>
  
  </div>

</div>

    </div> <!-- /container -->
    
   <div class="modal fade" id="contact-dlg">
  <div class="modal-dialog">
    <div class="modal-content">
      <div class="modal-header">
        <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="modal" aria-hidden="true">&times;</button>
        <h4 class="modal-title">Contact us</h4>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-body">
        <div class="row">
         <div class='col-md-8'>
          <h3>Mailing Address</h3>
          <div class="alert alert-success">
           950 Cimarron Street East<br>
           Colorado Springs, Colorado<br>
           80903 
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class='col-md-6'>
         </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-footer">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary" data-dismiss="modal">Close</button>
      </div>
    </div><!-- /.modal-content -->
  </div><!-- /.modal-dialog -->
</div><!-- /.modal -->
 

    <!-- Bootstrap core JavaScript
    ================================================== -->
    <!-- Placed at the end of the document so the pages load faster -->
	<script src="/static/js/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="/static/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
     
  </body>
</html>